{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 5, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "1IPak6pw80RX853Fsj4FAg", "review_id": "_dIkrDGPfp46GSyYarCBeg", "text": "yeah, right on with amber. i gave this place two chances, both for takeout, before writing a review. what strikes me is that this is a brew pub that has decided to open with no alcohol. as a result, half the restaurant looks barren and kind of depressing. now, if they had phenomenal food i would see the logic in opening before securing a liquor license. that, however, is not the case. the first time i ordered the avocado salad with chicken. the person who took the order said \"ok, should be a few minutes.\" i work right across the street, so i waited about 15 minutes then headed over. i then had to wait another 15 minutes for my salad to come out. i honestly felt like i could have gone to the store, grabbed the ingredients, chopped them up and tossed them together faster than it took to pick up my salad here. they didn't put a cover on the container of balsamic vinegar, so it ended up getting all over the bag. the lettuce in the salad was dingy and unappetizing. i didn't feel like the it was worth it to pay extra for chicken. but i am a fairly understanding person. they just opened, so i thought i'd give them a second chance. the second time the pickup process was just as frustrating. it seems like there is a severe lack of communication happening there already. we asked if we could split the check 4 ways, and the waiter got snippy and said \"well, that's going to be really difficult. i don't know.\" then the man who i assume is an owner came over and quickly split up the bill using their computer. the waiter, realizing he made a fool of himself, tried to play it off as a learning experience for him. whatever dude. the food was much better the second time (thus the extra star). i got the salmon with two orders of vegetables. pretty good, but definitely not good enough to make me want to order from broadway brew again.", "business_id": "kZhzc_qD2mUU_bFbcs58Dw", "stars": 2, "date": "2011-06-16", "type": "review"}