{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 1, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "U4INQZOPSUaj8hMjLlZ3KA", "review_id": "RcvN_g9etKL86wehKY0PUw", "text": "driving away from casbah we set the gps to the warhol museum...dessert could be cupcakes at dozen in the warhol caf\u00e9, we figured. driving though the streets of pittsburgh up to walnut street the gps alerted us that a programmed destination was close and our plans changed - prantl's would be dessert, instead. ever intrigued by restaurants, shops, bakeries, and cafes that become infamous for a single item (see haydel's in nola or patisserie claude in nyc) i felt it necessary to see if the burnt almond torte lived up to the hype. parking at a premium at this time of day i hopped out while the others circled the block. entering the small shop and finding no less than 7 people waiting in line i grabbed a number and browsed the selections - 5 full cases ranging from whole cakes to single iced cookies and everything in between. with 5 servers behind the counter the line moved quickly and it would be a matter of minutes before i had to make a decision - opting for three items that spanned a wide range i paid the modest $6 tab and made my way outside. opening the string-tied box the smell of cinnamon quickly filled the air announcing to everyone my first selection - a still-slightly-warm cinnamon roll. ample, yeasty, and loaded with butter and cinnamon i quite liked that the pastry was not overly-iced, instead focusing on the more nuanced flavors and natural yeasty flavor of the roll. while my sister contested it would have been better hot (i can't say i disagree) it was an excellent pasty none the less. the second selection was ordered more out of tradition than out of necessity - a chocolate cupcake with colorful sugary frosting. having not yet indulged on a cupcake in our pittsburgh trip i can't say this option looked particularly interesting, but tradition is tradition and surprisingly it was actually quite good. simple white on black cake, moist and sweet - nothing new, but certainly an adequate cupcake for $0.99. the final choice was obviously the burnt almond torte - a single \"bar\" for $3.25. large and heavy i was expecting to have my mind blown given the reviews all i can say is that the rumors are true. somewhat twinkie, somewhat pound cake, smooth and complex custard plus whipping cream, and sugar laden almonds cooked to just short of scorched. crispy, creamy, crispy, creamy - layer upon layer of home style decadence. sharing the bar around the car (and making a mess) everyone agreed that this was one of the best baked goods we'd ever experienced - and an absolute bargain at that. really, much like king cake in nola and pizza in chicago i can't imagine going back to pittsburgh and not getting a slice of burnt almond torte from prantl's.", "business_id": "3TrY8CpsnvnTTYigx2R4yg", "stars": 5, "date": "2010-07-06", "type": "review"}