{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "XbSkEzABRkHODIaEgc-MJA", "review_id": "8O7WeYL0Q50-UQGhoRc8Pw", "text": "i intended on being a part of the 8th annual yom limmud, san diego's community day of learning, as i usually do. i always buy the tickets from the box office and this year i presented $108.00 (ticket price is $38.00). i had a very old, sometime from the 80's, $100 bill and less than one second after i slid it under the window the woman in the box office, who would later claim she wast the, \"manager\", said, \"i have never seen something like that before\". at that point it didn't seem odd to hear that as this bill minimally resembles the bills of the '00's. she took the bill and immediately stepped away from the window and a out of my sight-this was odd. i took 2 steps to my left and i could see her scrutinizing the bill. she then used the marker that is designed to authenticate currency, and it did. she then told me, \"hold on. i have to check this out\". i let her know that is not a problem but that i would either need to carry the bill where she was going or to at least wait there with the bill while she gets whatever she needs to confirm her choice. now i started feeling a little weird as she held the bill against light and you can clearly see the strip and she marked it. she walked out the door to a small hallway near us and i asked her for the bill when she said, \"i am just going to bring this upstairs to check it. i am the manager\". i told her that i will be assisting her and she told me that i could not. now things are starting to get extremely weird. she wants to walk away with someones $100 bill??? i \"can't go with her\"?? what possible reason would she have for not allowing me to escort her? this is very weird and with my 15+ years in restaurant and retail management i have never seen, or heard, of any kind of situation even remotely close to this. i explained to her that the bill would not leave my site and i could go elsewhere to make change for it if that would suffice but in no way, shape, or form would that bill leave my sight and then i asked for it back-again! she handed it to me and i asked what she thought made it seem strange other than the obvious fact that she claimed she had never seen one like this before and she pointed to a stain that was on the bill. i laughed and said, \"well you chose not to accept it so now i have to go elsewhere but that's cool\". see what was really odd was her statement that she had never seen anything like it before. i know she was very close to my age and i find it extremely unlikely that she has not seen one like that as that's how they were made. lol i had proof in my hand lol. in any case she was an absolute moron and started the whole situation off with a lie. i have had my hands on dozens of these as i was in my late teens and early 20's through the 80's. i also got one of these 2 years ago. what was worse than anything is that she had the courage to tell me she was going somewhere i couldn't with my money. if she had walked away with it i was going to dial 911 and not do another thing until the police got there. this idiot almost got arrested for theft. in my 15+ years of restaurant and retail management i have never, under any circumstances, been told i have the liberty of taking a customer's money anywhere where they are not welcomed!! nothing written or verbal has ever suggested this and her actions were overly shady!", "business_id": "bDlB0Y7D-9mpx2kvdFZRsg", "stars": 1, "date": "2012-08-26", "type": "review"}