{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "PnBwDitaPUodtlSpN3ELJw", "review_id": "ECLJO0Kwm5O6PpJPFbWr_w", "text": "must have been an off day for the kitchen.... i went there with high expectations as everyone that i've known to have gone here has raved about how great the wings are. and i love me some good chicken wings so my friend and i came by on a thursday night for a late night snack. i was happy to see that upon checking in to the place via yelp we got a free order of parmesean garlic waffle fries. in addition to that we also got the chicken and broccoli pasta alfredo and 40 wings: 2 orders of the 3 alarm, the aloha wings, and the rodeo honey wings. we were explained that the order of the wings were rated from least hot at the top down to hottest at the bottom. the service was great - the servers are friendly and quick (there wasn't very many people at 10:30pm). the atmosphere was nice - laid back and open with plenty of tv's to catch whatever you wanna watch. now on to the food... the fries came out first - now all the flavors were there, parmesean - garlic, seasoned fries... but inconsistent texture. some pieces had a nice crunch to it while others were just soggy. while other pieces were a bit overly fried so too crispy. i'd give it a 7 out of 10 - good flavor not so good texture. then came the pasta - they were nice enough to split it into two portions for us. good sized portion, plenty of chicken and broccoli. this time - a contrary to the fries. the texture was good - pasta cooked right, broccoli cooked right as was the chicken - but flavor, or lack thereof, wasn't all there. a bit bland for my taste. not creamy enough or savory. a bit on the runny side. the dish was a bit better once we added some sirarcha. 5 out of 10. then the wings. came out on a huge platter - 40 wings piled high. now i'm excited as i love wings. first tried the 3 alarm... not spicy what so ever. not crispy skin and a bit on the dry side - no where near juicy. then took a bite of the rodeo honey - no wow factor. nothing of special flavors. just honey bbq - a very store bought taste. then the aloha wings - sweet and described but that's about it. imagine taking ur standard bar wing and dipping it into mcdonald's sweet and sour sauce. not only were the chicken wings not juicy with crispy skin (as in my humble opinion how chicken wings should be) but they weren't served hot either. very cool to the touch - basically room temperature wings. and none of the wings had the slightest hint of \"spicy\" 3 out of 10. overall - if i didn't like the staff or atmosphere - there would have been one star. actually the staff and setting deserve more stars but i'm here to rate the food itself and i was far from impressed. especially after hearing so many good things - half way thru the meal i was tempted to call someone to make sure i came to the right place! i will perhaps give them a second chance if someone else invites me here but i don't think i'll come on my own free will. i much rather prefer silver dollar casino chicken wings (garlic wings) or buffalo wild wings (mango habanero)", "business_id": "O6U58f5g16gG1ST7Yg24BA", "stars": 2, "date": "2011-05-13", "type": "review"}