{"votes": {"funny": 28, "useful": 22, "cool": 27}, "user_id": "nj3syiLs3lABLtPVyL0ivA", "review_id": "RT_oHirKq9MbuO_tlJvQXg", "text": "i was once asked what i thought of claremont... i could only come up with the answer of \"i don't\" why would anyone think of all two blocks of this hidden bourgeois wonderland made up of a several colleges with fancy old libraries? and it's probably for a good reason. i mean, it's technically in the 909, right? more puzzling is that it sits between pomona and rancho. like a little gem surrounded by.. well, the rest of the i.e. but maybe that's a good thing. maybe that's why when i drive into the area i feel like i was just transported to some place different... almost welcoming.. a small tucked away town with one gas station that could easily be mistaken for a santa barbara style city. best of all is that next to the local art house, which prominently proclaims that none of its theaters are in 3d you have the back abbey. the back abbey is a place i heard about a while back and sort of just forgot. again it's claremont. but thanks to matthew p. i decided that i was finally going to try them out and boy am i glad that i braved stepping foot into the 909 for it. i have to say, it's really a nice little area and i just feel bad that it's stuck at the gates of the i.e. talk about bad luck. the city must have been in the bathroom when god was passing out town positions. but in an effort to make it up to this wonderfully quaint little village, he bestowed upon them a burger establishment that is worthy of saying \"god damn!\" i mean, seriously, god damn, that is one tasty burger! it's almost as if you took father's office and instead of being your literal father, you made it some spiritual one (hence the monk made brew and monastery appearance) because this burger is heavenly with every bite you'll think you're getting closer to god. in theory i guess you are, considering the amount of calories one could expect to be had from such decadence. but yeah, this burger was a clear sign that yes, there is a higher being up above and yes, he loves hamburgers. all this coming from an atheist, so you know that's saying something. but yeah, the place has a very missionary look to it. i guess it doesn't hurt that it has a vast amount of belgian beers for the offering. i mean, it's really a great beer selection. and even though i favor local craft beers a bit more, mainly because i can actually pronounce the beer's names, i have to say i don't have any problem making a fool out of myself in saying the beers here. now i was eating alone and to some of you, eating alone, let alone drinking alone would be a sign of just being sad. no sir. how can anyone be sad with a good beer and a lot more fries that you need not share? i got myself a half order of fritas and even that seemed like way too many. though i felt compelled to finish them all. how could you leave fries that have been double fried. once in duck fat and once in soybean oil? it would truly be a sin and i already spent far too much time confessing for my sins eating that burger. no way do i want to confess anymore. your gut instinct may be telling you to fight tooth and nail for a seat inside. i mean, it is cold (well.. for socal, i guess), but i have to say that the outside patio seats were so much better than eating inside. a lot more chill. it also helped that they had heat lamps going so you really weren't feeling any of the cold anyway. and if you were, well there's always more beer to warm you up. and again, there's a lot of it. i mean, the main problem i have with belgian beers is i always feel like a fool ordering the first two or three beers. then after that i just blame the inability of pronouncing the name correctly on already tossing back a few. if there's one reason to go to claremont it's for this burger.. and i guess to see how the 909 isn't all a complete wasteland you'd expect to see in some mad max movie. i mean, there's not even a single meth lab or rv in any part of town! but what there is, is some heroin level addiction in the form of their burger.", "business_id": "81IjU5L-t-QQwsE38C63hQ", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-02-01", "type": "review"}