{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "RJpv2RXDgpdqsRMRtv5yIg", "review_id": "r5ItUMJr08cOCAwE2AT-1g", "text": "i found this place using yelp (of course) and decided to check it out with my friend; thai/asian fusion? can't really go wrong there! we entered from the back and the place totally gives you a hipster vibe. upon entering, you see so much british/colonial china everywhere. not at all what i expected from a thai restaurant! most of the tables were set of parties of 2, a few for 4 -- wouldn't recommend large groups. we were there pretty early (like 6) on a wednesday, so we completely missed the dinner crowd. the server was attentive and when i asked for recommendations, she had the menu memorized and had a suggestion for each category. you know you're going to get good service when the staff know the menu like that! i ordered the steak salad, with the cilantro lime dressing on the side. what i got was essentially a large plate of romaine letter with some cilantro and red onions, and lots and lots of well cooked pan seared steak that was so juicy. the cilantro lime dressing was equal parts tangy, spicy and combined with the steak -- so so good. i had only intended to have about half the steak (in proportion with the romaine) but i ended up continuing to eat the steak with the dressing. tells you how gooooooood it was! for meat lovers -- totally worth it for like $11 (dinner prices). my friend ordered the fried tofu. i didn't try it, but it was golden brown all the way around and had what looked like sweet and sour dipping sauce (it was an appetizer, about $4.5). overall the ingredients were super fresh and the service attentive. i also noticed as we were nearing the end of our mean (about 7ish), there was more and more people stopping to pick up their take out. i am definitely coming back and trying their honey pork, panang curry (made with pumpkin!), and salmon steak!", "business_id": "oSMpVfjLeSDV2yZzNH0rKw", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-08-15", "type": "review"}