{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "yYFabFtNtSdvwQ31FB7-jg", "review_id": "vXh7SR9X5ADzyhdGfNNYlA", "text": "i've never had such a poor experience as the one i had at moe's flowers the other day. it was my sister's department graduation, so i was looking for flowers. flower shops overprice all their flowers during this week, so it was natural (especially for a broke college student) to compare prices. some flower shops even charge leis for $48 this week! crazy! anyways, i asked the owner (i'm guessing his name is moe) about the prices of his roses/how much a dozen roses would cost. i told him i'd be back and went to check other flower shops to see if their flowers looked more fresh. i came back, deciding i wanted to buy from this particular flower shop, and moe rudely asks me where i went. i admitted that i went to check other flower shops. i wanted fresh and affordable flowers. is it wrong to compare prices? it's not like i used other shops' prices to bargain down for a dozen roses. moe then says that he doesn't appreciate that i went to other shops, and that they only sell \"quality\" flowers here, and that he should be charging me more because i went to other flower shops. i was in disbelief that i was being treated this way. we should be treated as valued customers, and there's nothing wrong with looking for the most affordable flowers. he then went on and ignored all my further questions. i went outside of the shop to look at the roses he had outside and he pushed the flowers (which were on a cart) away from me. i've never encountered such a rude business owner. i don't care if your flowers may be the \"freshest\" or the \"best quality.\" (i only saw almost-fully bloomed roses the day i was there, and it was before 9 am) if your store can't offer even average customer service, there's no way i would give you any business. i'd rather buy day-old flowers from an enthusiastic owner than at a flower shop with \"fresh\" flowers where i was rudely treated. you've definitely lost any of my future business at your store. this shop definitely does not deserve such high ratings.", "business_id": "j_h-IlLhRPPpZeUjfrjxMg", "stars": 1, "date": "2012-05-15", "type": "review"}