{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "sJocxgGhF9zNhAZrIBuk2Q", "review_id": "iEtvTB-LZyfaMpObuunWIQ", "text": "tucked away on a quiet street in central square, is craigie on main, one of the hottest, new restaurants in boston. this organic, head-to-tail restaurant serves french fare, using farm-fresh, local ingredients. snag a seat at the dark, romantic yet casual bar, where the full menu is served. you will be entertained by craigie on main's sharply-dressed, dexterous bartenders who craft old classics, attested by the small bottles of house-made infusions and bitters that line the bar. like a mad scientist, our bartender poured, tasted and stirred two cocktails at a time, doling out northern lights ($11) with st. germain, scotch, citrus, bittermens tiki; and ardoise ($11) with rain, sage, juniper, and lime. start with an appetizer of crispy fried pigs' tails ($17), sprinkled with pickled peanuts and pungent, sweet nc chm. it tastes like the adopted baby of susur lee and jacques p\u00e9pin--distinctly south asian but rich and very decadent. fried onion rings on top? yeah, that would be jacques' idea, too. maybe i watched too many looney tunes episodes as a kid, but i thought pigs had coiled tails. who's will open my wine now? i originally came for the milk-fed confit baby pig's head for two, but alas, a nor'easter prevented a proper delivery. the pied de cochon farci for two ($64) however, did not disappoint. enjoy a craft cocktail or two, as this pig's foot takes a full 45 minutes to prepare. when it arrives, it is a glorious, glistening trotter that is de-boned and stuffed with its own lush, succulent meat, wrapped in pork belly. jacques would be so proud. beautiful cross-sections of pork are soft, custard-like and gelatinous. served on a bed of creamy potatoes and kasha, sweetened with a mix of chestnuts, pioppini mushrooms and parsnip pur\u00e9e, it is a mosaic of flavors and colors.", "business_id": "58cDJU4cub1o0o0B4h9GrA", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-01-18", "type": "review"}