{"votes": {"funny": 6, "useful": 5, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "GwlrUwkULm4ZLN-Kum5nag", "review_id": "l5ldVhOUlswLtzN1O8zvvQ", "text": "nichi's restaurant opened up in the former gregory's restaurant, main street grill, and dino's restaurant. the name of the restaurant sounds japanese, but they do not serve japanese food, but italian american cuisine, adding to the several choices of italian food in north greenbush including labella's across the street, paolo lombardi's and villa valenti on route 150 and moscatiello's on route 4. nichi's is named after the \"panichi\" family, who are the owners. the son (fuzzy) was in the same class as my sister and one of the daughters is a neighbor. the restaurant was remodeled and looks very nice compared to its predecessors. there's a sunroom in front, the dining room has hardwood floors and brick columns from before (dim lighting & candlelight), and the lounge is brighter and nicer. we've dined at gregory's a couple times and dino's many times in the past, where the food was pretty decent. dino's was usually not packed and we were always greeted by an older gentleman sitting in the lounge. one of the first companies i worked for had business meetings here. the cake display case at dino's was very memorable. my folks and i decided to have dinner at nichi's restaurant just to try it out since it's less than a mile from home and there was good user feedback on steve barnes' blog in the tu. we arrived here on a steady saturday evening and it felt like going to a reunion. we were greeted by tina, who knew my mom. we were bumping into several people we haven't seen in a long while including a former town councilman and his wife. it must have been wynantskill teachers night because my former kindergarten teacher, third grade teacher, and a substitute teacher (i went to school with her kids) were all having dinner here. i haven't seen these people in almost 20 years. they came over to us and we had a good \"catching up\" chat while waiting for our courses during dinner. too bad my sister was not here with us and no \"fuzzy wuzzy\" was a bear jokes to crack. okay, onto the review! after we were seated in the center dining room, we were given menus to look over. the menu offerings include pasta dishes, chicken, veal, steaks, seafood, ribs, comfort dishes, paninis, salads, and appetizers. a wine list was at the table and pepsi fountain drinks are served here. the prices are moderate, but reasonable for what you get. see the menu offerings at http://www.nichis.com the waiter came over to pour some house ice water and announced the 3 specials including a veal marsala dish for $19.99. appetizers: the fried calamari ($9.99) was fried light and mostly soft rings served with a mild roasted red pepperochini dipping sauce. the eggplant rollatini ($8.99) was breaded eggplant rolled around ricotta cheese, mozzarella cheese, garlic. & seasonings in a thick homemade tomato sauce. both appetizers were very good starts. a basket of warm crusty bread & butter was also very good. dinners: spaghetti & sausage ($11.99) was served in a big bowl with soft thin spaghetti, 2 large sausages, and covered with lots of thick homemade tomato sauce. the chicken marsala ($15.99)was very tender boneless chicken breasts with portabella mushrooms and cooked in a marsala wine sauce and served with angel hair pasta. the scrod vera cruz ($14.99) was broilled and very firm texture and served with onions, peppers, & mushrooms and a side of pasta (firm fettuccine with tomato sauce). sprinkled parmesan cheese was offered on the food and more bread was brought out. the portions of food were generous and we needed boxes afterwards. all of the entrees we had were very enjoyable. we were so full, we passed on dessert (offerings change often) which included cheesecake, cannoli cake, and peanut butter mousse. the staff was very friendly and the service we had was good and timely.dinner for 3 with the food and 3 diet pepsis came out to $73.35 with tax, before tip. wynantskill was definitely in need of a nice, but casual sitdown restaurant that's not a chain and offers solid good food, good portions, and good service at reasonable prices. (4.5 stars) open for dinner at 4pm (tues-sat) and 12pm (sun); closed mondays", "business_id": "POL04pXVtUJ4aQguvZF_Pg", "stars": 5, "date": "2009-12-27", "type": "review"}