{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 4, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "p-PUhsp05anDunttBVE7mg", "review_id": "z8Dk3KNT36dC2Yw1tfer1g", "text": "i am shocked this isn't on yelp, but...from a former stanford university tour guide, here goes: hoover tower is the huge (14 storey) high tower you can see from afar, looming above stanford's quad. a little-known fact is that the tower is open to the public most weekdays and most weekends from 10am~5pm (closed during stanford finals/breaks) that has an amazing view of the peninsula. if you pay about $5 admission, you get to visit the hoover library (not his presidential library, but a little museum dedicated to the prez who precipitated the great depression) and the stupendous tower platform, which has near 360-degree view. for an added bonus, you get to ride in a spiffy old-school closet-sized elevator and hear a spiel jam-packed with trivia about the tower--height, age, that it's really a library holding rare papers, how long a penny falling off the top would take, etc. trust me, you don't want to (nor are you allowed to) walk up the stairs. it's a long fourteen storeys. and yes, there is a thirteenth floor. this is a fantastic place to bring your parents or friends who have never been to the bay area, or want to get a better orientation of the south bay and santa cruz mountains. on a clear day, you can see across the bay to oakland. this is also a super-duper sightseeing stop for the geriatric set--grams and gramps will love the minimal-walking necessary. wheelchair access is a major pain though, so don't try it unless you want a secret underground tour of creepy stanford tunnels. it is _always_ very windy on top, so bring a jacket at all times except summer. during summer it's a great cool-off spot. fun facts: stanford alums get in free. the tower is 285 feet high. the tower also houses scholars from the hoover institution, a conservative think-tank where many stanford economics and political science professors have appointments. there are slick rotating exhibits just next door in the dinky hoover pavilion--they usually have something to do with california history. the tower has been the site of many a cal/stanford big game gag--no posters or similar are allowed off the sides from the platform. the platform has a carillon of bells originally donated from belgium--they are the bells played at stanford commencement and other special occasions. the tour guides that take you around are stanford students who work shifts between classes--they are great for trivia and lore and inside admissions tips--ask. speaking of tips, they work for a campus wage pittance, so feel free to tip them if you think they did a great job pointing out the sights or giving you the spiel in the elevator. note: the best parking is at the end of galvez street in the pay-per-hour lot behind memorial auditorium. there are also limited quarter-fed meters along serra mall (take a left at galvez) in front of encina hall and burnham pavilion.", "business_id": "3CU32j5m54UJg45DDkgEsw", "stars": 5, "date": "2007-07-14", "type": "review"}