{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "fyjBLPAWgEZj6ru3JYumGw", "review_id": "QQUuF8JF5QIPnliTs1t0Wg", "text": "i got a livingsocial voucher for this place, paid $35 to get $70. wow, i'd better be hungry before i come. i'm thinking i'll have to order several appetizers and an entree to satisfy $70. was i wrong. the bill came to $145 for the 3 of us...2 appetizers and 3 entrees, and a drink. ok, maybe that's reasonable to most diners, but i am a value conscious diner (re: livingsocial fan). i cannot recommend this place even if you can expense your meal because the food is not all that good. i called to make reservations and was told the restaurant adjoins the clarion motel. uhg, my expectations just went down a notch. but, upon entrance to the restaurant i was pleasantly surprised by the clean, contemporary, dark motif of the restaurant with light progressive jazz piping through out their sound system. expectations went up a notch. then the menu. and the prices. am i in a midtown manhattan? i got the crab cakes with rock shrimp risotto. sounded great, but was disappointed. the 2 crab cakes were on the wet side, almost falling apart. crabs cakes that i've had were sturdy disks that held its shape when cut. this one fell apart. and it didn't taste like fresh crab meat but the frozen kind. the shrimp risotto had a fishy taste in a sauce that reminded me of russian dressing. we mentioned this to the server and she went to ask the chef. she apologized and said the chef didn't say anything so nothing to report. spoiler alert (i bolted for the toilet as soon as i got home). the other diners had the fried battered shrimps and special of the day cod fish. i was offered a taste. it was lots of batter enveloping the shrimp. it tasted ok, but noticed that my daughter removed most of the batter. probably too oily. i didn't taste the cod. i like the environment, the hostess and servers were attentive, but the food need to taste better. there are other places to go for that kind of money.", "business_id": "1qYzhKjCHJitrqCzyUdd5Q", "stars": 2, "date": "2012-07-14", "type": "review"}