{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "09e0ahJo-oeV_rP8I5zlLA", "review_id": "JjTLcb1_Pdb5pzN-BUGB8A", "text": "i know this is a place where it's kind of supposed to be a bit dirty, but omg the wobbly tables! it bugs me so much, as if it isn't already difficult enough to drink without spilling all over yourself on flat ground! also, parking. i would come here a whoooole lot more if not for the parking sitch. it's a good place to have after-class drinks or something where you're already in the vicinity, or if you live nearby, but i can't say this is a destination bar but for everyone else, unless ut is not in session. there is a lot behind the buildings next door, but it's only available to bar customers after 9. and sometimes i need to get my drink on randomly in the early afternoon or something. well, that takes care of my complaints. actually, i do have another one, but it's minor, and maybe not a complaint for some people: their french fries taste like chicken fingers. no joke. they must bathe in msg before being sent to the fryer. i don't know if it's a bad or a good thing for fries to taste like chicken. i guess what i'm saying is, maybe you'll want to have a couple rounds of drinks before you order your food, and then you won't worry about figuring this stuff out. the first time i came here i was so surprised by how large it is inside! i mean, a place called hole in the wall. these people understand irony or something. the outside patio is actually really amazing for temperate days. and happy hour is awesome (but when is it not??). $2.50 shiner pints! yummy! the times i've been here while a band was playing, it's been nice, but utterly bizarre music. and you have to walk in right next to the band, and the band members awkwardly stare you down while you order your drink. it's kind of fun(ny) though. i also enjoy how friendly the bartenders are. sometimes it's annoying to go to other bars, like downtown for example, and be ignored by too-cool bar staff, as if it's not their job to sell you drinks! honestly. maybe i'm hatin' with the 3 stars but i know this place makes enough $$ to buy non-wobbly tables, or put some damn sugar packets under there! when this happens i will come back with an extra star in my pocket.", "business_id": "j2cYa0F0IU40EE4nh784yQ", "stars": 3, "date": "2010-01-25", "type": "review"}