{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "xJpvRrk04rb4rgWtMXaPUQ", "review_id": "f3gRczN9S4tVhkJ9R060_w", "text": "food was great; service was not. i'm usually pretty forgiving when it comes to food service (i've been there before), but my experience at russell house tavern was especially egregious at certain points. let's start from the beginning- we walked in without reservations, expecting a wait. the wait itself wasn't long, but it was how the host handled us and other patrons that bothered me. there was a group of about 7 who had lost their reservation (probably for showing up late), so they took up most of the waiting area. the host looked at the computer (presumably at table availability) in between trying to keep the group of 7 calm and answering multiple phone calls. he did not seem like he had a good handle on the situation and walked away a few times to see if any tables were available (isn't that what computers are for?). he was apologetic, and since i was just with one friend, we were able to get a table on the first floor (we had to share one of the long 6-person tables with stools though). sitting on stools for dinner is annoying, but we dealt with it. like i said, the food was a saving grace. we had the fried poach eggs (delicious, but not worth the price) as well as the crab cakes ($13 for two). the crab cakes were very rich and flavorful. as a main course, i had the ale braised beef cheek. at $24, i expected a little more food, but it was nonetheless delicious. it was tender and the sauce was sweet and went very well with the meat and sides. the beer selection provided a good variety (mostly domestic), as i had one of the rotating beers of the week(?), victory oktoberfest. the food i give 4 stars, but the service gets 2, so this averages out at 3. service was slow (it took a good 5-10 minutes before we first saw our waiter), and there were points throughout the meal where we were sans any potables. i also witnessed a few tables left uncleared for a considerable amount of time after patrons left, while other customers were at the entrance waiting to be seated. i'll give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that they were a victim of circumstance that night (it was hurricane irene weekend, which was very mild in boston/cambridge). it also seemed as if they had random people clearing tables and bringing out food, so it's likely they were just short-staffed that one night. this is neither here nor there, but to top off the whole experience, the table next to us was full of drunk girls, one of whom kept breaking into song at the top of her lungs (she did not have a broadway-caliber voice). but what can you do?", "business_id": "_9ZZv5V-uM5BXx3P-HslIw", "stars": 3, "date": "2011-08-29", "type": "review"}