{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "QB2iiryzeB3OA9Fr8f2u1w", "review_id": "oq_Jx8w2xBc7ib_PjMj2tA", "text": "this place was horrible. i definitely would not recommend this place to anyone. the staff was horrible and very unprofessional, the room was dingy and poorly lit, and the prices are astronomically expensive. in the morning, we went over to the complimentary continental breakfast, if you could call it that(a few muffins and bagels and coffee), then we were greeted by the hotel manager from hell, amul soni. one of the credit cards that we put the room on hold for was not processing and we explained earlier that the rooms would be paid for with another card. he comes storming into the lobby area and announces to the whole room, that our credit card was declined, in front of other guests(very unprofessional). the person with the credit card walks in to take care of the situation, and says to our friend \"what the heck, we're not even checking out yet?\" she goes to the front counter and he screams \"do not tell me what the heck!\" even though the comment wasn't directed at him. she explains that she was speaking to someone else and he continues to raise his voice. my friend, who is a non-nonsense type of person, tells him the situation and says that it will be taken care of, then he continues to go off. at this point, she loses her cool and raises her voice as well. he then threatens to phone the police and have them come to take care of the situation. to make a long story short, he didn't call the police and eventually, he somehow calms and we get the person that's paying in and get it taken care of. i actually saw him have trouble with other guests at the hotel. one person asking for a toothbrush just walked out because he was just ignoring her and another group that had the run around while checking in. summary: horrible and unprofessional manager that is unaware of how to treat customers. do not stay here!", "business_id": "Klbm92lwLF0xkiSIuD1XBQ", "stars": 1, "date": "2008-08-25", "type": "review"}