{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "qN52sRbRO_kqznc_kppW6Q", "review_id": "8goli38EgTsiEgPw2T38sA", "text": "i've definitely had much better places, but since it's very close by to where i work, it will do on the days where i'm too lazy, or if i can't go into westwood or eat at the hospital cafeterias. note: the food here has progressively gotten better over the past year...most notably with their better quality pizza crusts and baguette breads. for the food you get, it's not worth the price...a bit pricey if you ask me. if you're in the mood for a sandwich, try corner bakery instead, which can also be pricey, but at least there you can get someone tasty and something that's not premade and sitting on display. since it is just a university restaurant, i'll give it some slack. staff is nice and generally pretty good at getting your order done (though the wait time for pastas and pizza can get up to 20 minutes during a busy hour...just make sure before you order). sandwiches: the chicken in the grilled chicken caesar tends to be dry and overcooked. the saving factor is the focaccia bread and spread it's served with. i usually order the portobello focaccia. the turkey baguette has become part of my \"regular\" lunch rotation. (i used to not even touch the baguettes because the bread was so hard and digusting...and once the fridge must have been so cold that the lettuce and tomato in the baguette italiano that i ordered froze over. and when the ice melted, it made my sandwich soggy. not good.) all sandwiches are served with chips (now more variety to choose from) and a pickle. soups: meh. soups don't have enough flavor to them. they almost always have cream of broccoli on the menu...one of the relatively better soups. all soups can be ordered with a sourdough soupbowl as well. pizzas: can't go wrong with a pizza, but i still wish the crusts were better. they always have pepperoni, sometimes bbq chicken, 4 cheese, sausage mushroom...it varies. every time i finish eating one, or even half of one though, i just feel \"heavy\" if that makes sense. not the healthiest items on the menu. pastas: these usually take a while to make, so make sure you have enough time on your hands, or are willing to wait 10 or so minutes. sometimes the pastas are good, but i haven't ordered enough of them to know. they change the menu weekly. breakfast: they have good omelettes, but then again, i've had better. coffee/pastries: coffee is weaker than i like, but it will do the trick on a sleepy morning/afternoon. pastries are actually pretty good. i like the apple fritters and chocolate croissants.", "business_id": "yirNnFJ8Mo8wN5Oy8hG6xQ", "stars": 2, "date": "2010-08-11", "type": "review"}