{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 4, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "2dpRHil_c7YW8-UflJOGiQ", "review_id": "JWLt5pZFHkqvCXApciRrNA", "text": "i've been here twice and it's really not so bad. maybe because the first time i went it was already super late and this last time i went was on a school day. i read some of the reviews and i feel like they were a bit harsh--either that or the lab has improved since then. they have a good selection of wines and beers. i ordered the green flash ipa which i absolutely loved, loved, loved. slightly fruity and bitter. my friend ordered the lab amber lager. it was just what a lager should be--savory. elbow macaroni with three cheeses & sweet peas - pretty damn good. i'm not a big fan of macaroni or do i order it often. so when i say it's the best macaroni i've ever had, it might not hold much weight. hummus & tapenade plate - it's a solid dish. the great thing about this place is the pita chips are fresh. they slice the pita bread and fry it so it's slightly crispy on the outside, warm and gooey on the inside! for the sauces there's a tapenade, black bean hummus, and a white bean hummus. they are all good in their own right, but nothing that stands out. so in other words, if you want to try the pita chips, order something else. service is nothing to rave or complain about. they take your order and bring your food. the end. seating is on a first come basis, communal style, please seat yourself deal. they do show whatever game's on that day, if you care. the patio area is my favorite. and yes, you can drink on the patio but no smoking allowed. the place has a very breezy feel. there's no front wall, it just spills out into the patio area. the decor is lab-themed as its name suggest. nothing spectacular, really. there are complex benzene ring systems printed on the dishes and beers served in beakers. big whoop. parking is free, yay! the driveway into the parking structure is between the radisson hotel and the restaurant on figueroa. go go up to the attendant and tell them you're there to eat, and viola! overall, i enjoy hanging out here on their slow days.", "business_id": "YvSqThnZr9gVfeJNnleQBA", "stars": 3, "date": "2009-10-22", "type": "review"}