{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "3J1JKrUy5r2pnXKwTHJMJg", "review_id": "ewYVSLTVlt5iHuw9alQi-w", "text": "well...i love the appetizers (complimentary), which as previously stated are hummus and pita, then pickles, tomato, onion. this is an authentic persian restaurant, so you should expect it. i'm not muslim, so the halal part isn't important to me. they have a very large variety of meats, which is great. you'll be tasting chicken, beef, and lamb in flavors you've never experienced before. it's good to broaden your experience, even if you end up deciding it's not your cup of tea. we got the heidar baba so we could taste a variety of dishes (it feeds 3 people). it includes soltani (which is another combo of barg and koobideh) and chicken with generous portions of rice (very plain tasting rice). you can't go wrong with grilled veggies- yummy! i haven't eaten at many persian restaurants, so i gave them a neutral rating until i have more to compare them to. the food was interesting, but not particularly something i'd crave. (like i've said before, i like to feed cravings. everything else is wasted calories.) but try it and decide for yourself. the service was not so good- they barely came to our table. by the way, persian food is not the same thing as middle eastern-arab food or indian food for that matter. i mention this because someone once walked into a restaurant demanding persian food (like they knew what they were talking about), when it was clearly a middle eastern (nile-oxus region my professor would say) arab egyptian restaurant!? one thing seems to be common though in persian or middle eastern food- a love of rose flavored desserts. yick- i may love middle eastern food, but i've got to skip the rose flavored dishes that remind me of my facial toner. finally, one last tip: when you are eating at an ethnic restaurant, try and order the same thing as those who share the culture. they usually know what taste's best and they stick to particular dishes. so if you are going for the authentic experience, at least you'll get it. we observed other persians (after we already ordered) ordering something entirely different. we'll try again after checking out some other persian restaurants. g", "business_id": "oKmKXq_HCri6F6C46g5EAQ", "stars": 3, "date": "2009-09-09", "type": "review"}