{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 2, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "bkjhcbYD2Y7cIxMOy8OJkA", "review_id": "SB1d6PqsjafpGREzqrdXfg", "text": "man, i'm still trying to figure this place out. it's like a fusion restaurant or something. upon walking in, we noticed the television playing an arabic cable news program. i guess they were trying for that 'authentic' feel. but then, we noticed like all the kitchen staff and customers were hispanic. i was scratching my head on this one, thinking that we had entered the wrong door or maybe even 'the twilight zone'. the veggie combo was pretty much a mezza platter which included freshly-fried falafel, baba ghanouj, hummos, tabouli, grape leaves, pita bread, rice and beans. wha-wha-wha-what?!?! that's right. we got rice and pinto beans in the mix. i had visions of the song from one of 'sesame street's' sketches (sing along): 'three of these things belong together. three of these things are kind of the same. can you guess which one of these doesn't belong here? now, it's time to play our game. time to play our game....' even if it was strange, everything tasted okay. although, the baba ghanouj and hummos had a bit of a strong vinegar flavor which kinda irked us. the veggie curry was equally confounding. the rice and beans came with this dish too, as did a basket of pita chips and a spicy tomato-eggplant dipping sauce. i swear this dish was more mexican than lebanese. the 'curry' didn't remotely taste like it. pretty good and spicy, but curry it was not. the chips and salsa didn't really help in making the dish seem middle eastern. when it comes down to it, i'd try more offerings in the future. there are plenty of carnivorous and vegetarian options to choose from, and the food tastes fine even if it's more like lebanese-mexican fusion. the staff was very friendly, while the servers went all out to make sure our needs were met. you won't get straight mediterranean fare here, but you'll get a large affordable plate filled with quirkiness....", "business_id": "01xOhO708S2F_ONq4wLFXg", "stars": 3, "date": "2011-03-27", "type": "review"}