{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 1, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "pRUwTOTHtK7o4rREnUhm1g", "review_id": "vYOy8tRVBXGcTSQehmsxTA", "text": "so tonight was a lot better then i expected.. i went with an open mind but not expecting much.. the place isnt life changing, it isnt super, but its above average.. i would put it on the same page as a lan thai.. however, the prices here are better, the menu has more choices, and they dont have a liquor license as of now so you bring your own.. the lady and i wheeled our margirita machine up to the door and plugged it into the wall.. we started with two salads.. we got the soft shell crab salad for 8 bucks and the nam sod.. basically a pork salad of a lot of fresh galangal, fish sauce, sugar, bird chiles, lime,red onion.. i dont believe there was any crushed rice.. it was good but lacked any heat.. the soft shell crab was good.. fried well.. had a sour fish sauce taste with some cashews and lots of basil.. the crab itself was a touch fishy.. marinated grilled pork sticks.. i think these were three or two dollars.. not bad.. marinated grilled squid.. the squid were so soft and tender not chewy.. i am wondering how they got them so tender.. maybe there were frozen, whatever it was the texture was fabulous.. from the appetizer section we also got the crepe.. it was with minced shrimp, shredded coconut and sprouts.. this was perhaps my favorite dish of the night.. i would definitely get this next time we are in the area.. yee of little face got the calamari as usual.. again these were soft and tender.. the breading was very light as to allow you to enjoy the wonderful squid.. if it was crispy or over breaded the squid would be hidden.. flat noodles with chicken.. the noodles were fine. the dish was aight, not memorable.. i had to add a ton of red pepper, it had zero heat..not a lot of thai basil flavor either.. it was better then not having it.. the red snapper,served boneless, with the crispy skin still intact.. nice dish, nothing out of the norm with the sauce, the preparation was above average.. dessert we had homemade vanilla ice cream.. done with a condensed milk i believe.. a lot of vanilla bean present.. and we also had tapioca pearls with fresh coconut.. not as refreshing as it should have been.. due to the last two dishes being more sweet then spicy or sour.. i dont know of a better thai place before lan in the area.. like i said, its priced better and some interesting choices.. nothing a long the lines of offal or anything too interesting.. but they are new, they are catering to the uws college kids.. i hope if i go back i can properly stress to them that i want the food a hell of a lot spicier.. the space is interesting with photographs of street food stalls in thailand, some thai writing, and a sleek but, welcoming feel.. service was quick and void of any social personality.. the owner was behind the \"bar\" and seemed very sweet.. i am not racing back but, when i do, i am getting that crepe..", "business_id": "p2zm0HnXZkI2yCAuYLb45g", "stars": 3, "date": "2007-06-13", "type": "review"}