{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "-xm0IbbB0lfp5CGnfIIWZA", "review_id": "CHTdIShHzaN96RPW0KH6zg", "text": "pros: they put a lot of time fixing the outside. since we've moved in they've been renovating a few of the buildings. pretty safe area. looks nice. cons: the apartments are cheaply made. our stairs, floorboards- everything creeks. our neighbors downstairs say they can also hear everything. the first floor smells like mold. the bedrooms advertised as 'master suites' are small. we could barely fit a queen size bed & a medium sized dresser. the shower door in the 'master bathroom' didn't close properly. it was unhinged and water would leak out when taking a shower. my husband had to fix it himself. the standing shower is very cheap and dirty. the water pressure is also very low. it's non existent. the set up of the bathroom is strange. there's a space on the side of the shower for 'storage' but the toilet is in the way. you can't put one of those space saver shelf stands above your toilet because a hand towel hanger is in the way. the entire layout is wrong. there is absolutely no storage in our apartment. the kitchen is barren and only fits dishes and pots. no pantry. we had to install shelves ourselves. our apartment comes with a stacked washer/dryer but fits a small load. a regular load would have to be 2-3 in this small washer/dryer. they charge a $200 redecorating fee when you move in. they don't do a very good job as there is paint on the edges of the carpet that meet the wall. as part of the pros, i said that they spend a lot of time fixing the outside. it's great but, the loud sound of mowing wakes us up in the morning. this goes on all day. also the banging of the garbage bins. they also start construction at 7am. there is no elevator. you have to carry all your heavy furniture up 4 flights of stairs. no covered parking. ***** we had a personal problem with our specific building that others may not encounter. it's a smoking building, and we respect the rights of others to smoke as long as we also have the right to breath. the cigarette smoke would seep up to the third floor and exude through the walls. our closet, kitchen and bathrooms smelled the worst. probably because that's where pipes are located. we have to keep the windows and sliding balcony door open all day. we've been sleeping in the cold and waking up to the loud sounds of cars leaving, mowing and garbage being taken out. recently we've been sleeping in the living room avoiding our bedroom all together. we had to buy storage units to keep our clothes in cos keeping them in the closet made them smell like smoke. i've had to wash all of our clothes, jackets, curtains to get the smoke smell out. i respect others right to smoke but i also have the right to breath and not slowly die. **** overall, not worth the price we pay. you're paying for the upkeep of the outside. the apartments look nice at first until you start living there.", "business_id": "dOVacg7B0D-QwZ2lv8X4Gw", "stars": 1, "date": "2012-08-09", "type": "review"}