{"votes": {"funny": 3, "useful": 6, "cool": 4}, "user_id": "laWfOo4ut5HvQ1ae6lh-Ig", "review_id": "JoBec1gsyLB_Y79xbEz9Qw", "text": "vespa reminds me of that film, the big night. there's this guy pounding over the grill in a little kitchen, and another guy running around in chef's pants, and a white chefs jacket making sure the front of the house is locked down, and giving non verbal cues to the other servers to do this and do that. i had the shrimp appetizer. it was a bowl of piled high deliciousness. almost a goulosh, but in a warm wintry way. the shrimp were medium sized but deveined or de-intestinal tract-ed. which is good b/c most restaurants throw the shrimp in with intestinal tract and all. my bfriend go the calamari tempura. he just got back from venice where they take pulpo and calamari seriously. he said it was incredible and it was. a dust of flour, no grease anywhere on the plate. white succulent meat. and there were a few tempured veggies like squash that made it great. we ordered another one. man in white coat shows up. but doesn't linger. he's cleaning table beside us. sees we are out of wine. and he says, no more wine? \"here in a not italian and not north carolinian accent, and brings us an opened bottle of wine. pours us both 2-4 oz flight and walks off. we ordered two entree's but after the sec. batch of calamari it ain't happening so bf jumps up and asks if they put the salmon encrusted in philo dough in yet. no they hadn't b/c the lamb shank took longer. he apologized said i was stuff and would they terribly mind not cooking salmon, expecting to get thrown out. man in white coat looks at man slaving over stove. they want the 17 bucks. it's a restaurant, not mom's. in an instant man in white chef's coat (not lab coat) say \"yes, of course\" \"don't worry\" \"you liked the calamari, it's fresh and good i understand!\" bam just like that. so we order a bottle of wine. american. then split the biggest piece of tiramisu! literally. almost a house brick. excluding the fruit garnish. we practically had the restaurant to ourselves. we were eating outside on the patio, got a little blustery and moved inside without a hitch. honestly little too quiet. but great date place. turns out they make the tiramisu right there. no frozen nasty italian icecream frozen in a cup from an icecream truck. the parking was fine. we just parked in the spot saying \"noodles\". amazing.", "business_id": "MiurqMOiXO7f9LjBrgkzOg", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-10-04", "type": "review"}