{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "uLLFg_yZ1GbzOFTDq2y_EQ", "review_id": "fCsicrFd2KQClwk-8ZWBFQ", "text": "hands down the best burger i've ever had! you would think that a burger is a burger, they're the same everywhere, but i'm convinced that the counter has some of the best burgers ever. and the fact that i can be a mad scientist when building my burger, makes it that much more \"funner\"! my first time here, i took it easy and didn't go completely wild on the toppings. i chose 1/3 pounder with grilled onions, roasted peppers, lettuce, and tomatoes, topped with aioli mayo on an artisan bun. yumm! the burger was juicy and buttery, not at all tough, rough, and dry. the texture is unlike any other burger i've ever had. the sauce was very good. not too strong, with just enough of a kick. the grilled onion and red pepper was perfectly grilled, where you can taste all the natural sugar from the onion and pepper. the bun was fresh and buttery. it was a huge burger, i had trouble attacking it . knives and forks are kind of a must if you don't have the amazing talent to eat a giant burger without ending with most of it on your face. price is decent about 9 bucks for the 1/3, 11 bucks for the 2/3, and 14 bucks for the 1 pound. i think the 1/3 is way more than enough, but if you're hungry, get the 1 pound burger and you definitely won't leave hungry. another recommendation is their market select menu items, which change constantly. last time i was there they had the carne asada. it was the best carne asada ever. cooked medium and sliced super thin. it was delicious and totally melted in your mouth. their onion strings were decent, but what i love most is their sweet potato fries. if you feel like trying a little of their sides, get the 50/50 side dish which has either half parmesan fries/ half onion strings or half sweet potato fries/ half french fries. parking is generous, and they validate for your time spent there. the place is nicely decorated and i love the interesting art works on the wall. if you're in the neighborbood, definitely stop by.", "business_id": "MAW0cVbtqZEoXVESDkVDFQ", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-06-04", "type": "review"}