{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "zaE85i9erK7d9uoBmI4-Bg", "review_id": "eFVa0remmwoNwFgpDupzsw", "text": "restaurant- pretty clean. it seems like they just had a rush as 2 girls were cleaning the dining room area. a classic red and white tiled space with one oddity: the grotesque amount of self admiration plastered on the walls with all the praise they have gotten over the years. it's kind of creepy how much they show you how much everyone has loved their burgers and fries. it has zero parking!! only street and stealing spots in other restaurants lots. they do have boxes of roasted shelled peanuts that are self serve for you while waiting for your food. i usually equate peanuts with baseball games, steakhouses, and strip clubs, but hey, if they feel it fits... service- quick and somewhat friendly. the guy who gave us our order was upbeat, the girl taking it, not so much. ordering seemed easy enough to me and our food came out quick enough. i was really hungry and wasn't complaining about how long they are taking so that's enough for me (i didn't time it or anything) now for the most important rating..... food: it was exactly my 2 star rating of \"meh. i've experienced better\" my burger was the little bacon cheeseburger with mayo, ketchup, lettuce, tomato, grilled mushrooms, and grilled onions. the size was perfect not ginormous and not puny either. the mushrooms seemed like they came from a jar and not fresh at all. i'm a fungi fan and know fresh. these looked and tasted like rubbery bits on my burger and extremely bland offering no taste experience to the burger. in fact, the only thing that really offered any flavor was the bacon :( the meat was juicy and well cooked but again where's the seasoning people?? i didn't have a dry or flaky bun like others have mentioned in fact it was nice and spongey. my boyfriend had the regular bacon cheeseburger fully loaded with hot sauce. his burger was quite a bit bigger than mine but not outrageously big. the one thing he hated was his bun completely fell apart after the second bite. his statements: \"i've had sloppy joe's less messy than this\" and (in reference to the plastered signage everywhere) \"soon, they will have reviewers from california, saying 'it's an ok burger'\" we shared a small order of cajun fries which were again ok, too over seasoned with what tasted like spicy lawry's seasoning to me. very salty and not cooked enough for me. the small was more than enough for both of us. we also shared a regular sized drink since it is a self-serve fountain machine. $- for both the burgers and a regular drink and a regular order of cajun fries our total came out to $18.99 which for a fast food burger joint with mediocre food is a bit much for me. overall- i wouldn't not come here again but i definitely would not go out of my way to go here either. this place does not equate to in-n-out at all. in-n-out's burgers are flavorful and fresh, and while five guys is fresh, they are way off on the seasoning. i shouldn't have to add a bunch of sauces and condiments to get initial flavor, those additions should only enhance the burger and their fries are the exact opposite with a heavy hand on the salt and seasoning shakers.", "business_id": "ihu1SSJqHXEgdSb8qyT3pQ", "stars": 2, "date": "2012-01-20", "type": "review"}