{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 4, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "NolOOI70DTKHwkjyFWcEcg", "review_id": "7Eua_fbYcFifQKKoEhTYCA", "text": "this place has taken a step downhill in the last year or so. the interior of the restaurant is beautiful and historically it's well known for its quasi-italian style pizza (it's not quite italian, but it's better than anything we have up here). the pizzas have the potential to be very good, but the quality really varies. sometimes there is plenty of cheese, sauce, and items; sometimes the pizza is barely covered and you have 4\" plain crust. and if you point out that you received a sloppily-made pizza, rather than make a new one properly they just huff & puff, take it back, throw more stuff on, and return it to you--partially undercooked, partially burnt. that's just lame. that said, when they do get it right, the taste is fantastic. really good stuff. the desserts i'd give a 5/5. sometimes we stop by just for desserts. they have a chocolate cake that's amazing, tiramisu that's great as well. the coffee, on the other hand, isn't so great. he cappuccino and espresso aren't very good--they're better than starbucks, but max cafe, pisticci, and oren's all do better. disappointing for an italian place. the service is also variable. sometimes it's fine. however, the last few times we've gone we felt like an inconvenience to the wait staff which seemed to do anything they could to make us feel unwelcome and get out the door. the worst experience we had though was when we found an additional topping we didn't order: a big fat (sauteed) roach. they took it off the bill, but we hardly got an apology and the manager didn't even stop by. we all lost our appetite and immediately stopped eating. that on top of everything else just made us feel that we never really knew what we were getting into--i mean, how clean was it back there? so as a result, we haven't been back. just haven't felt adventurous enough. ...also, for what it's worth, if you're interested in excellent pastas, pisticci's on lasalle just off broadway is awesome. $7 for spaghetti & meatballs home-made. the linguini e funghi is also fantastic. never had a bad meal--or bad experience--there.", "business_id": "ffp58kYSK7dJGs5ER-5txw", "stars": 2, "date": "2010-03-13", "type": "review"}