{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "PhmneRPozf2cDIiFyGGlOg", "review_id": "AWEGIr4J6LIb12QoQX_GuQ", "text": "this to be complete honest, i saw this place a little while ago and thought, 'oh a salon near me i have to check that out\" a few weeks went by and then i saw their ad in the buy one get one coupon book. i called and made a reservation for a brazilian blow out and facial. the gentle man who took my reservation was very nice and trying to very accommodating. they also have free parking. i walked in and the place looks amazing and as my fellow yelpers have said, it doesn't stink! i checked in the place had a gentle hum, customers but nothing crazy at all. i was offered drinks and food quite a bit, i guess i looking hungry! first was my facial with katie ilchenko, i was scared to have a facial because to be quite honest some people around here seem to over do the extraction leaving scabs that take quite a lot to heal. i wanted my skin to have a glow and be healthy, she balanced it well made it soft, clear, and smooth and a few days later still no break out! hurrah! so then after i was blissed out for an hour it was time for my hair. i have a brazilian blow-outs before, one experience was great one was awful. luis tafolla looked like he stepped out of a high end fashion magazine, and i honestly i was scared to tell how lazy i am about my hair. i was honest with him and he took my life style into account, didn't try to up sell me or anything and my hair... i can't stop touching it! i adore it, i always try to wait a few days after a service like that to write my review and 3 days later still in love. i love it! also now that i have made appointment already i can spread the word because i am already locked! this place is a hidden gem! i work nights a lot but owner offered me to come back later when they have champagne for clients, sounds like a fun ladies night to :) even without the boooze this place gives amazing service.", "business_id": "pbzOjEwQFqehYIAT5RmH6Q", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-12-09", "type": "review"}