{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "165YTTR8G3AYdIHese9OGg", "review_id": "eCsV5etZlfxhrwTxO7WyfQ", "text": "ideally, i would give this place 2.5 stars because it has potential, but, there are things that need work... firstly, mad props on the decor. the interior design of metro north is outstanding. i didn't get a chance to see the rooms beyond the bar and first room, but what i saw was extremely impressive. they have done a spectacular job of making the restaurant suitable as a lounge, an upscale restaurant for a date, and a great place to chill with a group of friends. the host and bartender couldn't have been nicer, which certainly started the night off right. downsides to the bar were the lack of options for beer (only 4 on tap and nothing out of the ordinary), and the price of each beer ($6+ for a brooklyn? ouch). house wine was also pricey and the pour was anything but generous. with regards to the food, alternative side dishes weren't readily accommodated, which is always a disappointment. i had a chicken sandwich with broccoli rabe and provolone cheese and fries. granted, broccoli rabe is naturally bitter, but when done right, it can be quite tasty. unfortunately, this rabe was on the bitter side. the sandwich bread was way overwhelming, and i really don't appreciate when additional condiments appear on sandwiches that weren't listed on a menu (don't lather on the mayo or weird brown condiment without telling me, ok?). the chicken was cooked well, not overdone nor dry, which impressed me. i've had better fries, but these weren't bad. dinner friends ordered two pasta dishes and a chicken dish. the overall sentiment of the table was that the meal was fine, but nothing to ride home about. the major downfall for metro north at this point is the service. while the individuals we first encountered were great, our waitress wasn't the best. she was very nice, but when we asked for a few more minutes to peruse the menu, she ended up leaving us there for ~ 15 minutes before returning to take our order. also, when we ordered more drinks, we had to wait a long time to actually get them to the table (we were within eyesight of the bar, and we could see our drink sitting there...waiting to make it to the table", "business_id": "aNt4V9CwuTXzeNj-Whw5rg", "stars": 2, "date": "2011-03-09", "type": "review"}