{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "0t0SwB62nGXc7kFNh_VOZQ", "review_id": "2Wa2Ud1SEiGKYj0K1cVj3A", "text": "i'm no real deal vegan, but i do love to explore the sans-animal food world. after visiting native foods cafe, i just feel my diet of 20% of my meals being vegan is going to jump to at least 40%! parking is kinda wonky, but i got in this cafe after a quick jump out of the car and walked in the easily found cafe. (if you're coming off of the freeway and turn left on to gayley, they have the store logo on the side of the building so you immediately see it). they have menus readily by the door so i browsed the pretty wide selection (the menu is awesomely online, but i still couldn't decide. haha). so what's an indecisive girl to do? get the daily special. that's what. i came on a tuesday, so i got the deli reuben with a free side of sweet potato fries. they also had some sort of community deal, so if i bought a drink, i'd get a free dessert too. (yay! more free stuff!) so, i got the lavendar lemonade and i treated my mom to a vanilla cupcake and myself a cardamom rose. all in all, that was a damn good sandwich. i don't usually eat reubens, but the faux protein perfectly complimented the tart saukraut and the marbled sandwhich bread was cute. and tasty. the sweet potato fries were delicious also, too bad i was driving so i had to reheat everything before i could really dig in. (it was still tasty). the lavendar lemonade tasted like... lemonade. i didn't really catch the lavendar taste. it might have been that batch because as i read other reviews, it says the floral note is very prominent. the cupcakes? warning, the vanilla cupcake has the rose frosting on top. still good though. texture and quality of the cupcake was pretty good for a vegan cupcake, but the rose frosting was kinda throwing me off. i personally have never eaten anything rose-flavored, but when i ate it, i tasted the sweetness of the frosting but i also got the aromatic, perfume-y aspect of the rose. very interesting, will try again. service was superb, the blonde girl at the cashier was super friendly, made suggestions and described the foods. she even got me to get a frequent buyer's rewards card (free!) all in all, awesome food, great staff, adorable decor. will be back!", "business_id": "gcf4bQVbiOqglEmYBfbpwQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-06-12", "type": "review"}