{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "NAZBH_z65b3336FlxRjDZw", "review_id": "LekR1mf4u_mIaoyWpEvjpA", "text": "i'll try to make this a short review. the restaurant is hidden away in the sub-ground level of the shopping center it is situated in. it seems pretty easy to overlook when you are driving or even walking by. i had come in for lunch after it being recommended to me by a friend. he had warned me that it was not the best chinese food (boy was he right!), but it hits the spot and at a good price. he was very correct about the price: i think it was $6 for all-you-can-eat style buffet. the place had a very nice selection of chinese and american dishes. they had a lot of the chinese-american dishes like orange chicken, kung-pao beef, fried rice, chow/lo mein, etc., and they even had some dim sum, including siu mai, and bao tzu. they had a small selection of seafood, but it did not look palatable, so i tended to stay away from that. the place seemed like a good place to come in with a group, and kinda sad place to come in by yourself. i saw one man near the corner of the booths who looked ready to just about kill himself. the waiters/waitresses are very attentive and my water glass was never more than 1/2 empty. they were very courteous and i appreciated that. the cleanliness at the tables were great, but at the actual buffet--not so much. it's most likely due to very disrespectful patrons who don't clean up after themselves (in fact, i know it's because of this) and leave the buffets dirty, but i don't think they were ever wiped down in the 45 minutes i was there. i'm not a clean freak, by any means whatsoever, but i appreciate the facade of cleanliness at least. anyway, i would rate the overall quality of the restaurant around 2.5. the food was alright, and i'm sure it would taste amazing intoxicated. too bad i was sober and went in at noon when i could appreciate the greasiness. i might come here on my next visit to chapel hill this weekend! if i do, i'll be sure to update on my impressions of this restaurant. ps. crap, this wasn't short at all.", "business_id": "6CruOxyuBRnJJx3wRu_oMA", "stars": 2, "date": "2009-08-12", "type": "review"}