{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "relC19UGy8qVEBpO5TLLDw", "review_id": "7HvqXYUSlrZTh7-Ic5fLww", "text": "after four visits, cova on kirby is turning into one of my favorite houston haunts. as a wine bar/retail wine shop, cova boasts a great selection of wine, and since you can be pretty assured that you won't run into anything sub par, you feel comfortable experimenting with unknown vineyards, regions, and varieties. the wines by the glass change every week, so there's always something new, and the wine flights are a great deal (the prices may look a little high, but you get three generous 2-3 oz pours). the best part is that, when i find a wine i really like, i can buy a bottle to take home and have it added to my dinner/bar bill. you can order any bottle to drink on-site for a $10 corking fee, which is a much lower mark-up per bottle than you'd get most other places. equally important, the food is fantastic. i've tried about half the menu so far, and the grilled shrimp with avocado panna cotta and the scallops with spinach and corn butter are both out of this world. i love that you can order the tapas size so you don't need to commit to a full plate. my boyfriend has also said that the pork loin is delicious. i guess i can see how people would find the food pretentious, but i completely disagree. i think if you are used to higher-end restaurants, you'll find the food sophisticated, but not affected or over-the-top. the cheese plate was the only food item i wasn't particularly impressed with--the selection is ok, but the portions are very small. we got four cheeses for $15, and with two of us, we barely got a taste of each cheese. some people seem to have found the service \"snooty,\" but i've had great experiences every time--friendly, attentive, pleasant, not-overbearing service. we once had a glass of red wine broken on our table during dinner (did not get on our clothes), but that incident was handled very well (both the server and manager offered effusive and genuine apologies, we were moved to a different table, new replacement entrees came out of the kitchen quickly, and our food was free). i don't know what more you can ask for when that type of honest fumble happens.", "business_id": "WNdpG8Wkf8tUY_-ZnaXdIQ", "stars": 5, "date": "2009-11-11", "type": "review"}