{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "9TIlYog_0vJY6XCPxyr2ow", "review_id": "5rwOV15AwKJx4BSt3gUHJQ", "text": "i always come here for breakfast and as a someone that likes to cook, you have to appreciate eating here because everything they serve is homemade, including the jam (which changes flavors constantly) it is really comforting to eat homemade cornbread with apricot jam that tastes like your grandmother made it. they have great omelets, homemade turkey sausage and crisp bacon. i have never had a bad breakfast here and my girlfriends and i like to meet up here for a slow and relaxing morning meal together. we all like the \"kitchenless\" which is egg whites, hot smoked turkey and grilled tomatoes on top of toast. it is supposed to be served on a biscuit but, we have found that the biscuits although tempting, seem to be a little heavy and a tad dry. we have found that to be the case with the scones too. but, for hot breakfast coming off the griddle, kitchenette can't be beat. it is the full package deal as far as breakfast goes in morningside heights. good food, warm atmosphere, decent service, reasonable prices and a little off the beaten path. i have also been here for lunch which is much busier and just as good. the portions are hearty and the food was well prepared and fresh. they have a bakery in the front which is expensive in comparison to the food. everything looks good but, after a few tries with their cakes and cookies between my friends and i...we were a little disappointed. the cakes were heavier then they should have been, the icings flavors were a tad off and the cookies weren't as delicious as they looked. i don't know maybe we picked the wrong stuff ? i eat a lot of cake and kitchenette gives baking the good ole' try but, it just doesn't meet the expectations you had hoped for which, may be better for your waistline and your wallet. so i would say pass on the deserts, stick with the food and you should leave happy with a full belly.", "business_id": "ugekAf0_3hreoD5VJQjkCg", "stars": 3, "date": "2007-09-26", "type": "review"}