{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "FHfjAReTovbu0chLv-WGrQ", "review_id": "WpJS-j5MSl_fJImApKVaXw", "text": "i stayed here with my family while in the berkeley area for a conference, and when we arrived we found out that the two-bed room we had booked through a discount site was not guaranteed, so they could only give us a room with a queen bed (for three people!), but they upgraded us to the executive suite on the 6th floor as recompense. the executive suite-- while not actually a suite-- came with free breakfast in their 'graduate lounge' (the hotel's theme is to seem like a university) and a free wine hour from 5-6. the hotel staff was pretty rude about this in our first encounters with them, also telling me they were \"helping a customer\" (as if i wasn't one!) when i asked quickly where we should park our car. parking was an additional fee, and they gave out more passes than there were spots, meaning that some people would pay for a privilege they weren't able to capitalize on. other disappointments included the quality of the wireless internet (extremely shoddy), the breakfast (no fruit-- just cereal, some pastries, yogurt, an espresso machine, generic orange juice, and coffee), and the lack of exercise facility (but you could pay to use the university's recreation center). the wine hour, too, was self-serve, which came off a little tacky. our room did, however, have an enormous television. and the graduate lounge was pretty nice, giving access at all times to a cozy room with a tv, couch, sodas, and a computer. the staff i encountered whenever i was in the lounge were so so friendly, in sharp contrast to some of the desk staff. the hotel is also conveniently located, two blocks away from telegraph ave, which has tons of great restaurants and shops. all in all, an ok experience-- but the hotel seems superficially much nicer than it actually is when you stay there for a few nights.", "business_id": "t8a4adsbWLbW-BZMFJ9_cw", "stars": 3, "date": "2011-06-02", "type": "review"}