{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 3, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "umVlZDCwlXZRH8AF05F34A", "review_id": "hHG9ZkknO6RA8gDsr2Qpgg", "text": "in the five years i have lived in berkeley, this is by far my favorite coffee shop. located right next to the uc berkeley campus, it's within walking distance from almost any class. from the nondescript salmon-colored exterior, you would not expect to walk in to find weathered marbletop tables and 20-foot trees which touch the vaulted ceiling. lots of sunlight can get through the tall windows on the right days, and the stark styling of the wooden benches and upstairs seating area oozes timeless character and color from brick wall to brick wall. milano has an assortment of sandwich/salad combos and all the coffees you would want. i personally love the lattes they have here, which they serve in glass mugs if you are staying for a while. my favorite sandwich is the chicken breast, which is simply a bun cut from a loaf of bread, with mozzarella cheese, green and red bell peppers, marinara sauce, and a chicken breast (the reconstituted kind, like at subway, not natural chicken breast, but it's still good) all toasted together. it comes with a salad, which has an amazing tangy dressing...i would say it's somewhere between french and italian dressing, but trust me when i say it is awesome. i always get these items when i eat here, and it's perfect for eating while studying/reading, since the sandwich will not make your fingers messy. it can get loud inside when it's crowded, so if you need a quieter coffee shop it's not the best place to go. but it's great to shoot the breeze or host a small meeting. the only downside to milano is the spotty wireless network signal. you can only use the campus wireless and you must be a student/staff to log on, and the signal is unusable unless you sit closer to the front door. if you think starbucks is the best coffee shop ever, i implore you to widen your palate and realize that the best things do not always come in corporate wrapping. for everyone else, this is the berkeley hole-in-the wall coffee shop you were searching for.", "business_id": "NGyFcZHghu1uJ0G-pXJxoQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-12-13", "type": "review"}