{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "3fcRVQMi92_cd9HSb1KjSg", "review_id": "9ld1MpRWUrRJGKVKdouzkw", "text": "if you're looking for a place to have a good time, eat amazing food, and be in the presence of an ambiance so distinguished and unique that you will not believe your eyes, then you must eat at distrito. this restaurant opened roughly a year ago, and i have loved it so much that last night was the 4th time i have gone since it has opened. this restaurant has the same dining style as the rest of garces' restaurants in that the plates, or at least most of them, are served tapas style, which means small plates for the table to share. the food is explosive, the building itself is neon-lit and full of vibrant additions like mexican wrestler masks on the wall and a viewing of \"tres amigos\" at all times. decor - (5/5) service - (5/5) plates: nachos (encarnacion) (4/5) - these nachos come filled with skirt steak, beans, and a plethora of different cheeses. this is a great starter, although it is very filling, for those who don't like to eat much early while dining. flatbread pizza (los hongos) (4.5/5) - this flatbread pizza is a mushroom-filled one that comes bursting with flavor. the mix of the cheeses and the mushrooms makes for a delicious little treat between nachos and tacos. flatbread pizza (guisados) (5/5) - this flatbread pizza comes topped with shreds of boneless short ribs and a bbq sauce that is undeniable. this pizza is mind-blowing. beware: you will want more than one. kobe beef tacos (carne kobe) (5/5) - yes, you will die and go to heaven after biting into these. they are out of this world, and the texture of the meat is so fine that it'll simply fall down your throat with ease. rabbit (amarillo moles) (4.5/5) - this tapas in very different in that it comes in a small cast-iron with a bed of rice and its sauce. this is more difficult to share, but it is still very excellent. i suggest this if you are a rabbit fan. duck breast (poblano moles) (5/5) - this tapas is similar to the rabbit in terms of presentation. nonetheless, the flavor packed into the duck is out of this world. each piece is equally rich. get this and the kobe beef tacos, and you'll be happy as you can possibly be. overall, i could write about more plates, but that would just take forever. this restaurant has been voted best of philly new restaurant this summer, and rightfully so. come with a bunch of friends, and enjoy. remember, due to the small portions, you have more control of what your check looks like, so choose wisely...oh, yeah. 5/5. no doubt about it.", "business_id": "kVTHnhgYUw-Pmr7wgDB4_g", "stars": 5, "date": "2009-08-11", "type": "review"}