{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 4, "cool": 4}, "user_id": "jamBToZqN8uNKPYkRX7yDw", "review_id": "N8l7c_G9bATNm-QHM2HXTA", "text": "there's something about ground beef i can't wrap my head around. i can't eat meatballs, i avoid ever looking at a meatloaf, and i definitely don't support irish mints. but if there is one thing i can stand about ground beef, it's a burger. and it's in my belly. damien s. of boston referred me to local 121 as one of his favorite providence restaurants of all time. more specifically, he referred me to the burger. so yesterday my boyfriend and i decided to try local 121 for our \"new place of the week\" experience. i went for the burger. i immediately liked the feel of local 121. i thought it was a neat looking place that was stylish without being pretentious. as soon as we were seated we were offered water (with a hint of lemon) and left to explore the menu. looking at the menu wasn't really necessary for me since i already knew what i wanted. damien said burger, so i ordered the burger. the $16 dollar burger. first impression: meh. there wasn't a party in my mouth the second i bit into the burger. however, as i started chewing the flavor leaked out of all the burger pores (?) and did little dances on my taste buds. every bite was an explosion that resulted in what i felt was a pretty damn good burger. was it the best burger of my life? no, not at all. the best burger of my life is still from the druid in cambridge's own inman square. but it will certainly reside in my top five best burger list. i had a little bit of beef (ha!) with the fries. they were fine, but they could have been a lot better with a little more crisp and a little less salt. aside from that, the burger and fries combo was exactly what i was in the mood for and thus far the best i've had in providence to date. unfortunately i was a little too full to have any dessert, but the next time i go to local 121 i will absolutely be leaving enough room for dessert and a spot of tea.", "business_id": "L59t1jk6ONNKPLWG0nLN3w", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-07-29", "type": "review"}