{"votes": {"funny": 4, "useful": 3, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "vabCzJ3rv7cePz_5uEtCNg", "review_id": "W6S4CJQkr2C6P_zukxUaYA", "text": "i honestly hate this apartment complex with a passion. my one star goes to the location of the place, since it is next to the bus stops and nearby a shopping center. parking is just awful here, there were some days that i had to park two blocks away because there weren't any resident parkings left. i also had my car stolen straight out of my garage spot. their summit security guards aren't very bright either. i had one of them nazis on my ass because i was moving kitchen utensils at 9pm in the hall. he had the nerve to interrogate me, \"what's your apartment number? you're not in the dorms, so you can't be loud.\" what an idiot. and i also think it's just stupid to pay $40 bucks to buy a parking permit, in order to park in your own freaking apartment?! and people's cars are always towed away on random parking garage \"pipe fixing\" days. for the price and the size of the rooms, especially if you got the 4th floor (you would get the spacious high ceilings) - it's not bad. however, your leasing dept. are pretty anal to deal with. for example, the day that my roommates and i were to move in, that morning of, my roommates checked the apartment out and found that our carpet have not been replaced yet and there were paint stained all over the old carpet. so i immediately demanded that they would replace our carpet or else they should not deduct any rent for that day yet since we were unable to live there. and the annoying leasing lady was so rude at our concerns, by continuously giving us a bad attitude. then, if you need something fixed, you have to go through their online system. it's just not very efficient. everything is broken: gates, doors, stairs, elevators work 60% of the times, etc. oh, and my favorite memories (hint of my sarcasm) consist of loud neighbors having sex, where everyone would be out on their balconies because it just echoes through our walls and courtyard, dirty and stained pools, and drunk people pulling off the fire alarms at 3am in the morning. and on hot summer days, the halls reaked of garbage. ugh, even the gym closes at 10pm. the first time i moved in here, i didn't know the hours. so i walked to the gym and saw that it was dark and locked, so i walked away. then their idiotic summit security team creeped out of nowhere and interrogated me by saying me rudely, \"what are you doing here at this time of the night?\". duh, the gym you fool. what? was this 105 lbs asian girl going to steal your weights and run off with that ancient tv? pissed me off so bad. it's also not a very safe place either. the last month that i was there, there were reports about a woman being choked and assaulted in her apartment room.", "business_id": "kBRXe9SWbuSfIlA_WriCww", "stars": 1, "date": "2011-11-08", "type": "review"}