{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 4, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "MhADtHNC6pq4b3PgAVdzxg", "review_id": "JmrTvZGwZhbq79AkApOeWg", "text": "i'm only giving them one star because it won't allow me to give them zero. i've have two horrible experiences here - but the second one really is over the top. i took my wedding dress to this cleaners the week before my wedding to have it steamed and pressed. there was no detail on my dress - it was just plain silk taffeta - but they still charged $140 to steam it. air and water. $140. anyway. i paid them. told them i needed my dress by thursday, friday at the latest - seeing as i was getting married on saturday. they told me i \"might\" have it by friday. anyway. i dropped off my dress along with my cathedral length veil to be steamed (in addition to my custom hangar a friend made for me that had my married name on it). thursday comes. no dress. friday morning, the day before the wedding, they tell me my dress is ready. i walk in to pick it up and the lady hands me the dress from behind the counter - and it is in a box. they did not press it. they did not steam it. they preserved it. that's what you do after a wedding. the dress was folded and preserved in a box - not to mention my veil was crumpled in a ball underneath my dress in the box. and my custom hangar? gone. when i asked where it was (through my tears at this point) they said they threw it away. are you kidding me?! they asked me why i couldn't wear it. i don't know, because it's folded in a box. not pressed, wrinkle free, and on my nice hangar along with my veil. anyway, long story short - they did, eventually send it back and press it correctly that same day. but i didn't have my dress until just before the rehearsal that evening - they did find my hangar in the trash... but did nothing to remedy the situation. look, i paid $140 to have my dress and veil looking nice, not $140 to have it put in a box and give me a coronary the day before my wedding. i am a super laid back, easy-going, and understanding person, but this really sent me over the edge. i still can't believe they wouldn't even give me any type of credit, refund, or anything. i will never in my life, ever, ever take an item of clothing to deluxe cleaners. in fact, i will make it my mission to tell everyone to take their clothing elsewhere. /rant", "business_id": "2FTmc5LabeAan7eFZtB25A", "stars": 1, "date": "2012-03-08", "type": "review"}