{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "ieddiannWKFvVmBGS778Vw", "review_id": "VyehwgYV4TRg9yqD7kks_w", "text": "i'm not sure why i didn't love this place as much as i should have. well, i suppose i do. first off, the parking is a bit awkward. there aren't any signs out front telling us where to park. if there are, they weren't prominent enough. then the restaurant itself is a bit unfinished.. look up at the ceiling and there are spackle marks.. someone forgot to paint? some wallpaper is hanging off in the bathroom too.. just a bit of sloppiness but enough to make me feel the care isn't there yet. the menu was pretty cool, but the second page is just a list of farms.. a bit goofy but i'm ok with it i suppose. service was as expected, very good and attentive. food was mixed. some plates were really good and some were just ok. dessert was decidedly unspecial (and we tried a bunch of them). best thing i've had in a restaurant in a long time was the colorado lamb spareribs. if you like meat, this is a must order dish. the bread and butter was awesome.. now don't laugh. this is very important to me! drinks were ok. i always like to try a specialty cocktail so i ordered the southeaster. i was later told that they were out of something they needed to make it.. how does a bar run out of ingredients for a specialty cocktail? i next went for the zephr, which was really gingerry and not too great.. i went with water after that. got the flatbread.. eh.. ok.. nothing special. got the chefs garden crosne. this was an odd vegtable, one i never had before. it was interesting and fun to eat, but wasn't too flavorful.. i'd skip it if i were you. there was a special fish plate : halibut. it was perfectly cooked but that didn't translate to the overall flavor. i think it was a 3 star dish.. as a special entr\u00e9e i'm looking for more. i think that i won't be back.. there are better places in town, and better garces places too..", "business_id": "p1257iwsyKj00D_145O03w", "stars": 3, "date": "2011-03-22", "type": "review"}