{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "JDPPd7pd5BHa94WSSGOkiw", "review_id": "rKzLhFPve1k4d6Lm2xzPcA", "text": "update: the chowder house bar and grill is now closed 7/11 original review sunday at 7:00pm always willing to try somewhere new, we decided to have dinner at the chowder house bar and grill. unfortunately, i've never been so disappointed with a business. we sat at the bar and ordered a couple of beers. the bar tender replied that they didn't have any draft beer tonight and walked away. i had to regain her attention to ask if she had bottled beer, which they do. the menu appeared standard for a waterfront seafood restaurant. we ordered the steamers as an appetizer, and 2 sides of fried whole clams, side of broccoli & an order of pan seared seafood (shrimp, scallops & fish). after the appetizer it took some time for our food to come out and the bar tender apologized for the delay. at first she brought out the pan seared seafood and the side of broccoli. she apologized again that the whole order wasn't ready and explained that a waitress was cooking and doing the best that she could. that in my opinion, that is never a good sign. if the chef/sous-chef/cook/whoever is out then the kitchen should be closed. a few minutes later, 1 side order of fried clams came out with yet another apology and we were told that the other order would be out shortly. the order of steamers was small but the flavor was ok. the broccoli was more than likely frozen as it was watery, mushy and lacking flavor. the fried clams were overdone and the batter wasn't flavorful. the order of pan seared seafood had to be modified as the restaurant ran out of shrimp and, as we later found out, they also ran out of scallops so the dish consisted of double fish, 4 scallops and french fries. by the time we finished the barely passable meal the bartender realized that we never received our 2nd order of fried clams. we explained that was fine as we were going to cancel the order anyway and told her to take them off of our bill. apparently the reason why the order of fried clams did not arrive was because they ran out of clams. by the time we were ready to leave, the kitchen was out of: stuffies, shrimp, scallops, whole bellied clams, bread & draft beer. these items constitute at least 1/3 of their menu. the bar tender appeared to be the person in charge through the evening. when other customers had issues, they came to her. the waitresses were instructing customers to sit wherever they'd like then not addressing them again so the customer would come to the bar and order from the bar tender. she had to keep asking wait staff to take tables. i also did not see a management presence at all. needless to say, i will not be returning to this establishment.", "business_id": "w9oW1PJoAjZfv85hxZbnEg", "stars": 1, "date": "2010-08-08", "type": "review"}