{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "KILReHgA6VVdZiedpC5PqA", "review_id": "tojRAe7CMjfB8RWHUfMuVA", "text": "i can't say that this is going to be my favorite thai spot, but we had the best service here tonight. our waitress was super fabulous, hilarious and very helpful. funny if she thought our table was seriously irritating....but we enjoyed talking with her well after our dinner was finished. now, on to the food. hmmmm. not so fabulous. i have to agree with every other person that has mentioned the basil rolls. so petite. like really, really tiny. perfectly shaped, but that portion size was ridiculous. the basil rolls were also somewhat flavorless. definitely overwhelmed by the hoisin/sriracha paste that came with them. i think the portions in general are small. i didn't even get a to-go box tonight. i am a piglet with a voracious appetite, yes, but usually i need a box when i leave my favorite thai restaurant. not at spoon. we also had the massaman curry with roti for an appetizer. the curry was super thick and sweet, more like a caramelized peanut sauce with a splash of curry, and the roti was thicker and greasier than i would have liked, but still very good. don't get suckered into getting more roti for an additional 2 bucks though. just let the extra curry go to waste. one of my friends got the basil fried rice (plus beef and chicken) and while he ranted and raved about how good it was, i thought it was just meh. his serving was probably the best deal for the money though. my other friend got massaman curry with chicken, and i thought it was okay. thank goodness it wasn't the same sauce that came with the appetizer, or else we'd all be home on an insulin drip right now. i got the basil stir fry with \"fish\" (i think it was catfish in the end) and while it was good, it was still a little too sweet, and even though i asked for hot, the spice level was at best, very mild. another strange thing was the gummy soft rice that came with the meal. so not a plus. all in all, the place has a nice feel, somewhat modern and raw, but still warm and casual. service, as mentioned, was great, they have lots of specials, and on tuesdays, bottles of wine are half off. i think this is a great addition to the neighborhood, and i loved the convenient parking and our fabulous waitress.", "business_id": "mFw45WXkOMByq4k2op0NIw", "stars": 3, "date": "2011-11-29", "type": "review"}