{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "xwMXPRcEqIz97K8ZResCVw", "review_id": "MihjaXD2H16gMrUSLrxftg", "text": "- lunch review - so i was back at my college campus for the first time in a few years and needed some eats. since i didn't plan this part of my trip, i didn't know where to go. i wanted to hit moe's and steve and barry's, so we were thinking of something nearby: jerusalem garden, dinersty, cosi, or seoul korner (are all of these places still open?). then sabor hit my brain and stomach. so we cruised by the state street place and it was missing? huh? then we had to try the main street locale. bamm (sorry you emeril haters) - it was still there. thank god. luckily it was 2pm-ish and wasn't crowded on sunday. that was also the bad part. only one server left and business was picking up and our service was slow, but he was apologetic and running around tending to 3 or 4 full tables. we understood and the food was out quick and was good as i remembered. this is the only latin food to consider in the area. it rocks, solid! i'm a 3 taco guy (steak, marinated pork, and carnitas). love their salsas and their use of cilantro! keep it coming! soft corn tortillas, doubled up - that's the real way! if you like mexican or latin food you have to go to sabor latino in the area. i've tried some specials and they have been excellent. we had the ceviche tostada appetizer yesterday and it was awesome! i'm starving now... location: street parking isn't too bad on main, 4th or 5th. ambiance: slightly above hole in the wall, but i don't mind. service: average, but most servers we've had are very familiar with their foods. value: some of the reviewers are ranting about its cheap food, but i disagree and would call it fair pricing. food: very, very good. return?: all the time note: i always judge latin places by their tacos and salsa. this is a winner. better than: tio's. really - tio's can't compare. why did you go there? not as good as: the bar is set high with my all-time favorite mexican taco place - t&bp (taco and burrito palace) in chicago!", "business_id": "xihWs_RmaKUkJgdXwFxtAg", "stars": 5, "date": "2008-01-21", "type": "review"}