{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 2, "cool": 2}, "user_id": "tyefaa756jDT6AmTuUkGgA", "review_id": "yVVDkSGHOIu2iN5vFyiIbQ", "text": "i have done an update since going friday, 06/25/2010 check out the end part of this review for the updated part edc (electric daisy carnival) is without a doubt the best concert/festival event ever!. dont waste any time going to other raves this motherfukr annihilates anything and everyhting. i think i even liked edc 2009 more than coachella 2009. people think m crazy for saying that but maybe they werent rollin like i was son! man that shit was awesome!! a massive rave in the l.a. coliseum and surrounding grounds. the main stage was inside the coliseum!!!! ya, where the fukcing trojans play football, it was the best usc game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!! there was also two carnival rides inside the coliseum, the floor area where the usc played is the general admission field level u gotta get there early or they block it off once mofos start getting way packed and u cannot go down 2 d field u gotta rave on e in some fucking seats!!! i would rather kill myself... last year at the colisuem they had: james zabiela, groove armada, benny benassi, fedde la grand paul van dyk paul oakenfold and a shitload more there are four other stages all around the outside of the coliseum. one is like a secondary main stage called circuit grounds, last year crystal method, markus schulz, pretty lights, daedelus and a shit load others rocked the shit out of it. boys noize, dj am (r.i.p.), simian mobile disco, major lazer, castlevania and diplo among other destroyed the neon garden. everyone around you looks like their cracked out everyone is drinking water and dancing. the light shows kick ass all the art installations that are at coachella are also there plus other ones. my favorite is the one thats outside the rave tent at coachella thats like a 1000 lightbulbs and they change color and all the crackasses sit underneath it just melting away in an acid/e/stoned paradise! lovely! so as u can tell, i love edc!!!!! c u on the coliseum floor raving away june 2010~ friday 06/25/2010: well last night was a complete beautiful disaster!! we had such a blast. the grounds were done up perfectly there was these awesome metal structures that wer built that kept exploding into flames and would startle people by the circuit grounds area. got to see superawesome sets by: z-trip 12th planet evol intent bassment jaxx travis n a-trak steve aoki also, got to have a blast at the kinetic field which is the main stage inside the la coliseum goddam!!!!! deadmau5 absolutely destroyed the place check out videos on youtube search deadmau5 electric daisy carnival 2010 the whole situation is compeltely degenerate when u compare it to coachella, coachella seems so classy this shit is like iraq warzone. people are apeshit, these are supposed to be happy hippis but it dont work like that when e is kicking in and u just cannot rave in some seats, it is not happeneing so, im sure u can search some utube videos for riot videos well worth seeing, some are pretty graphic, and almost all have overly racist comments by the video viewers the comments = lmfao search: edc fence jumping. almost all the videos r unreal. i cant blame the ravers/rioters. i was one of those fuckers getting down to the floor wtf, u really think im gonna rave in some seats ?????!?????q? no fkng eway search shitytutubevideos thats my page check out my deadmau5 and edc world cup vuvuzela videos both r pretty sweet but the best(?) riot video is called edc 2010 bum rush fence jumping see it now!!!!!", "business_id": "F9Xh2eJQNRD29hHIUrTzNw", "stars": 5, "date": "2010-04-09", "type": "review"}