{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "mQaVqJTIV_FAZma3mmy5xQ", "review_id": "-HfXVChWIwidrQLrUkR7gA", "text": "i was ready to love this place. we went for my mom's birthday brunch. the plus is that it is handicap accessible so my 91 year old granddad could come. the minus (big minus) was that the room we were seated in was infested with flies. the flies landed on everything - the bread, the plates, the utensils, faces, hands, hair - it was really really gross. and we weren't the only ones bothered by this, the flies were all over - the only ones who didn't seem to notice were the staff. the service was appallingly slow. we couldn't get a drinks list, and then when we finally did it was a different waiter who took the drinks order. eventually our waiter came round to take the food order. then the food finally came out, but then our waiter never came over to check on us, even though by that stage we were all ready for another drink. when we found another waiter to bring us coffee, our waiter finally came rushing over and was annoyed that we bothered someone else for coffee. by then we were all practically finished with our meals anyway. and we are not fast eaters, we actually like to sit and savor the food and the company! not only that, but he then barely filled the coffee cups. in my unofficial opinion on breakfast, being chintzy about coffee is a bad sign. we passed on dessert because we sort of wanted to get out of there while it was still daylight. when we finally got the check, the waiter gave us the wrong check. ugh, what a mess - but we still tipped 20%, hopefully the tips are pooled! i really can't get past the awful service. and the flies. blech! swatting them away was not my idea of a fun brunch. the food was really good, even if my eggs were somewhat undercooked. but they were farm fresh eggs and very very good. but i am not likely to go back for brunch. nor am i likely to refer anyone to the brunch. not at those prices with that service. and those darn flies!", "business_id": "jI4yOYZ7nZt1Yv_9GolxYg", "stars": 2, "date": "2007-10-14", "type": "review"}