{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 5, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "z8NWrn65okoKHRGRb7XhoA", "review_id": "CBoyYHC-HQ7skpXsGx0KcQ", "text": "don't know how to even start, but i will be fair: pro's, good food, and large portions. con's, bad service, very rude waitress, and they never come around and check on you. we went yesterday to grab a bite to eat, walked in thought, oh this is a cute little spot, sat down and the guy who came to our table said they all work as a team, that we don't really have a set waiter or waitress, okay find no big deal right. he came and took our order, i don't like cheese, so i asked for no cheese on my burger, but my bf on the other had does and asked for swiss cheese. the server same back about 5 minutes later and ask me, so was that cheddar cheese that you wanted, i said \"no cheese, no onion for me thanks\", he left, as we are sitting there i figured i would ask for them to bring me the salad i substituted instead of fries, well after countless efforts in getting some ones attention, i finally get the waitresses attention, so this is how it went: me: excuse me waitress: yes!!! me: i ordered a salad and i was wondering if i can ask for it before the meal. my bf: she forgot (this is where the waitress very rudely interrupted us) waitress: if you let me explain to her, i was going to say that the salad was served on the same plate as the burger, mind you she had her hand on her hip, all confrontational. me: okay thanks if she would had let us finish talking, i was going to apologize for not asking for it before my burger when i ordered my food. she comes back out with the food and puts the plate down and takes off, that's when my bf noticed there was no cheese on his burger and well i had no cheese either, but i had onions, not once did anyone come by to see if we needed anything else, if the food was okay, if we needed refills on our drinks, nothing, we didn't see our \"original server\" back at our table till he came to pick up the plates, and ask how the food was. my bf mentioned the cheese was missing, and then he had the nerve to say, why didn't you mention that when i dropped off your food, umm hello, cause you didn't, miss rudeness over there dropped it off, my bf was nice enough to say, you didn't bring us the food and left it alone and asked for the check, bar tender slaps the check on the table and takes off, meal came out to $34.64, my bf rounds it off to $36.00, he shouldn't have even given them any kind of tip, and we are all for tipping, but not this time, we take off, and later on he checks his back statement, he was charged $41.23, because they feel they deserve a 20% tip, says right on the receipt too, that if you would leave the server a 20% tip, what kind of madness is that, so not only do they give you horrible service, then they want a damn 20% tip, come on now. what they did is wrong and illegal, how can a person write down one thing and then they bill them something completely different because they feel they deserve it... i will never go there again, and i am telling everyone i know about how aweful they are, and shadey when it comes to billing there customers....", "business_id": "f5nja4dPNifl6ywQStdQKQ", "stars": 1, "date": "2011-07-25", "type": "review"}