{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "70kDDlbIQ-HqwQ3W4bEKFw", "review_id": "6NEUO3PW67-6jpB7d2XUcQ", "text": "i just went to brunch here yesterday for the first time. the food itself was top-notch. i had the veg. omelette duxelles, and the eggs were noticeably unusually delicious. and the mushroom filling was fabulous, too. a very good 1/2 pot of tea, though i do have to agree with some other reviewers on here--the menu is only slightly overpriced on the whole, but one really doesn't want to pay $5.25 for tea. i'd definitely go back and eat more of this delicious food, but i agree with others on here that there's something of an atmosphere/service type of problem. first, the hostess asked sort of inconfidently if this absolutely ridiculously-placed table was okay for us. nope.then someone tried to take my plate when i was still eating, and we generally felt rushed by the staff. (granted, a huge crowd was waiting. but if i'm going to spend $20 on brunch, and haven't been taking up a space for a crazy-long time or anything--eh, i want to finish my tea and converse for a minute.) the use of space here is kind of crazy. i got up to go to the bathroom before i left, and the tables were so jam-packed that i had to walk along this handicapped-accessible ramp to get through the throng. i'm not sure how the servers were getting food through. despite the handicapped-accessible ramp going over a small stair (i think), the overcrowding means the place in general doesn't seem very handicapped-accessible, even if they're claiming to be. i also noticed a guy who was blind and being led by his dog seemed to have a pretty hard time getting from his table to the door. then when we went to actually leave--as others noted, wtf with the no-waiting-area? everyone was literally packed into the entrance way. maybe 15 people directly between the doors and the hostess station. & you actually had to sort of push your way through. has got to be a better system--either give up some space to make a waiting area, or make people stand outside to wait. certainly the place seems to be doing well despite the problems, but be prepared for a little raucousness. and maybe avoid the weekend rush if you have any sort of mobility issues. fab food tho, and i bet it's great if you hit it at an off hour.", "business_id": "BlUEgCOGzDwpOWnkQn3odw", "stars": 3, "date": "2010-03-28", "type": "review"}