{"votes": {"funny": 10, "useful": 11, "cool": 11}, "user_id": "CsLsfpHlHrInwBfJmjR-zg", "review_id": "7ZS_bhtNl2EOWlvVbumHwQ", "text": "maybe...maybe usc has one thing going for them: they have amazing and cheap mexican food walking distance from campus. sure, ucla has diddy riese and had \"buck fiddy\" (rip), but in the time i was there, the closest thing to mexican food to campus was the taco bell on campus or acapulco. if i had the choice, i would have traded all the chain establishments in the village to have a la taquiza nearby! i was introduced to this place from a lovely yelper who grew up around the area (and was a ucla grad student at the time :d) so i trusted when she said they had good carne asada, it must be good! ...and indeed they were. for a very great price, you can get a taco or two with your standard choices of meat. their carne asada is indeed tasty and substantial, and the al pastor, though not the best, was seasoned and cooked perfectly. the horchata is well-balanced with sweetness, but what wowed me was the massive condiment bar. your food comes plain and it's up to you how much onions/cilantro, which of their fresh salsas you want on your meal, or if you want carrots and radishes on the side. just to keep up with the times, my last visit there had a little printout announcing they had korean tacos! for a little more than the standard $1+ taco, they've got galbi and short rib for just over $2. i split a burrito so that i can try the short rib taco, which came with sizeable chunks of beef and kimchi - that's it. the beef was tender and the sauce was perfectly sweet with a small hint of spice and the kimchi may not have been the best kimchi, but topped the taco with manageable, biteable pieces so you're not stuck with the big, chunky heart of the cabbage. they may not use as high-quality meat kogi may use, but if you want a tastier korean taco, you can forego twitter and the line to find where the trucks and go here for just a few cents more. you'll be lucky to find parking in the cramped lot this tiny strip of stores la taquiza is a part of, so you're better off finding street parking, or just walk if you're parked at usc campus). the dining area is spacious and perhaps almost as large as the parking lot outside, and you'll find a friendly mix of people there ready to grub on a great meal. it also helps that everyone i've interacted with who works there are really nice and friendly. when i tried adding a tip when i paid with my credit card, i was told, \"we can't add tip on credit card charges. our tip is you come back again.\" oh, there's no doubt that i will be back. i will.", "business_id": "Ckjlcv3mOPnCosSEPb4tmg", "stars": 5, "date": "2009-07-26", "type": "review"}