{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "ma91Dcot9wUMVqMQFY3yAw", "review_id": "Upvcy6m0YlNo73o7DywCeg", "text": "if you really care about the craft of coffee making, medici is the end-all, beat-all in austin. their prowess is well-documented among coffee geeks such as myself, they have champion baristas behind the bar, and they've served me some of the most sublime drinks i've ever tasted. sadly, coffee is only half the equation of a coffee shop. i mean, most of \"getting a cup of coffee\" to the average customer is sitting down to enjoy the cup of coffee. all three medici locations lack in this area but the guadalupe location is the worst. the chairs look (and feel) like ancient torture devices. there is no way to sit in them without back spasms and your legs falling asleep. the tables aren't big enough to set anything on but a cup. and leather couches? in texas? in summertime? really? the artwork currently on display, the bricks and the dark color scheme, and the \"fenced in\" feeling of the upstairs section, combined with the h.r.-giger-meets-john-deere seating options, lend the guadalupe medici a distinct slaughterhouse vibe. customers will, by and large, put up with a lot if a business offers a good enough product (like medici does). but each of their 3 locations has a specific persona and the guadalupe location, conveniently situated across the street from the largest university in the world, is out to play the \"campus area coffee hang\" role. i couldn't imagine spending more than the time it takes to pull a shot in the place, let alone meet with friends, read a book, or write a paper. it seems to me the place should be a goldmine. it's gigantic. it's quiet enough inside that the interior could be turned into its own little world. and, for the throngs that populate the campus area, the horrific parking situation can be easily overlooked. hell, if it was comfy inside, i'd drive an hour to get there. i just wish caffe medici would take as much time catering to its customers' experience as they do their coffee.", "business_id": "PgBAgj4Iw1aZcBfRw4_ymA", "stars": 2, "date": "2011-08-17", "type": "review"}