{"votes": {"funny": 2, "useful": 4, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "0nOIH8qIMnmZdLCTemnRsw", "review_id": "H7VyYt7Cx83QsAThrzF3EQ", "text": "wow, lots of low reviews... but i guess my experience was somewhat different?! i came here last night for a late dinner. i always wondered if their food was doable. i came around 9ish. no i don't smoke hookah. so this review is on my hc experience minus the hookah. i had the gyro & fries with a smoothie. i enjoyed my meal, but i do have to say, it was on the small side and didn't fill me up. kind of pricy too. i say almost $20. they don't serve you water, what's up with that? they didn't give us napkins either. blah. habibi's wasn't crowded... there wasn't a long wait for the food. customer service wasn't bad either. street parking wasn't hectic and free. this place is like a smokey whole in the wall, nothing fancy, on the run down side, but a good place to hang out with friends if hookah is your thing. i know this place gets packed. so if you don't want to deal with a crowd seems like thursday night is safe. you can dress casual here. my friends friend works here... so we knew a familiar face. which is always nice. no we didn't get any discounts. booh! i wouldn't suggest to come here for dinner. i wouldn't go out of my way to come here and smoke hookah if i was a hookaher... but i would suggest stopping by here if you're in the area and want to smoke hookah. don't know if i'll come back and if i do... i'll be back to eat not smoke. it's bad enough smelling hookah and walking out smelling like a walking hookah. what i probably like the most was the music! i'm an arabic music fan and they had really fun music playing. -1 star for the high price tag... this place is not that fancy. or maybe you're paying for the environment or location?! -1 for no water served and no napkins given. all in all, i'm glad i experienced habibi cafe in westwood! my first experience in a hookah lounge. never experienced anything like hc before. where i'm from we don't have hookah bars... so 1 star just for giving me a new experience! this place is a iffy.", "business_id": "a8zs0zfAHa231nGGUutvrQ", "stars": 3, "date": "2010-01-15", "type": "review"}