{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "h7yBy50GHA6yBhb9ZlURpQ", "review_id": "9YyBPiEy1_mHo1UMjq2y4Q", "text": "boston tea stop has definitely filled my bubble tea loving addiction since the second floor bubble tea in chinatown has closed down. not only have they filled that void in my stomach but they offer so many more flavor choices and those delicious little dumplings, and mochi, oh my! chocolate coconut, you rock my world. i've noticed that a lot of people compare boston tea's bubble tea to the bay's..and considering the bay has been doing this whole franchised bubble tea thing so much longer than the east coast, i have no doubt they probably taste a bit better and know a little more about what they are doing, however we're not in the bay are we? bts has good drinks, food, people, and entertainment...i cannot complain at all, so welcome to the east coast b!%@#$! =) why does one automatically assume an asian establishment must consist of chinese pop music playing in the background and calligraphy scrolls hanging every wall? in this gigantic melting pot in the us, we are bound to mix in culture in our own ways. does fried chicken really equal chinese culture? it actually makes me think more soul food. i see asian culture in there, don't you? just take a look at the ssf2 machine, childhood memories swarm my mind every time i look at that old arcade machine. anyway, the green painted walls are actually therapeutic for the eyes (go google it, it's true) and thank goodness because spending a whole work day staring at a computer screen, my eyes definitely need the soothing. so i sit back in the cozy little shop with a green apple tea (no milk) with lychee jelly (which i've been told is an absolutely awesome pick me up drink when you're feeling down) and watch some good old family guy. oh giggidy! i highly recommend the pork and leek dumplings, just delicious! of course some of my friends insist on the taro milk tea with lychee jelly, or raspberry mango with a drop of lychee syrup and with boba. the taro is either you like it or you don't, some people find it too nutty-weird like, other people don't get anything else.", "business_id": "ch1ercqwoNLpQLxpTb90KQ", "stars": 5, "date": "2008-01-07", "type": "review"}