{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 3, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "U-DhIbadXOHDr_vEGe0efw", "review_id": "hBVs5h1Jq7wj70AYRxBa2Q", "text": "i have to say, i'm kind of baffled by the negative review of this place. it's the equivalent of rating fenway 2 stars because you don't like baseball..... or rating the boston common 1 star because you don't like trees! in an ideal, less polarized, world i'd give this place 4.5 stars. i've been going once a month since last december and i'm noticing that each time i'm able to become more relaxed than the last. that's a good thing! liz is my therapist. she's soft-spoken. but don't let that fool you because she has ninja fingers! in 60 minutes, she bends and folds, twists and pulls at my comatose body. shiatsu kind of feels like someone is putting me in yoga poses while simultaneously working my pressure points. the result, for me, is leaving \"the shop\" feeling loose and better aligned. my bf has also had shiatsu here (by liz and also her partner, roger) and he enjoys it. he says he feels energized afterwards (2 reviews in one! - yelp, you owe me). i think the results are subtle and cumulative. also, it's really nice to have this to look forward to at the beginning of every month. here are the other details: - there are no oils, balms, or other baby-scented salves applied. so, the pressure can be intense at times. which is why i keep coming back! - the space is small. it's located in what is mostly an office building, so during the week, you hear people walking the halls, and opening/closing doors (reason for the virtual 4.5 star review) i prefer not to hear the clamor, so i go on saturdays. that seems to have been an effective choice. - you wear loose clothing, which is nice for those who prefer not to let it all hang out. - parking can be really easy....sometimes. it is in cambridge after all. - it's remarkably affordable! seriously, check out the website. - oh, and the damn place is across the street (less than 25 ft) from berry line! tell me that's not the jam.", "business_id": "ae5tm46-ewAhUJ6HR4fXFA", "stars": 5, "date": "2009-03-28", "type": "review"}