{"votes": {"funny": 3, "useful": 6, "cool": 4}, "user_id": "bBd8sOgkhbaEeZHjczV8ZQ", "review_id": "YgrjsroJG2h26rQ-poHrAw", "text": "i'd been meaning to go to tyson bees for a long time. after my office moved further west, i was concerned that i'd never make the 20 minute jaunt to 33rd and spruce, but i was also determined to hit it up. recent news that it was under new management had me concerned. i planned a lunch with a coworker to make the trip down spruce and investigate the \"newly\" managed truck. i showed up a little before 12, to beat the lines that i had witnessed before, and we had no wait. i ordered one chicken basil thai taco and one pork bun. i liked the 9 of spades that they handed me as my \"number;\" it was a cute touch. i didn't like the syrofoam containers they served the food in. come on, philly food trucks, let's get green! i personally think there should be a tax break for food trucks that use paper/compostable containers as it will just encourage greener behaviors. just sayin. anyway, on to the main event: the food. i dove into the pork \"bun\" first, which was a pillowy, round piece of bread (?), on top of which was a flavorful but tiny piece of pork, some scallions, cilantro, and perhaps some other stuff too. i didn't deconstruct it to much because i was too busy inhaling the delectable thing. it wasn't spicy at all, but very flavorful. the taco was a little spicy, but nothing i couldn't handle (i am a lightweight, fyi). it was served with a delicious sauce, some fresh basil leaves, cabbage and a few slices of radish. it was fantastic. i think i liked the pork bun a little more, but the taco was the healthier morsel. had i been any hungrier, i would have either ordered a third option, or brought along an apple as one taco and one pork \"bun\" would not be enough to sustain me. i will definitely be back. a friend has told me to order the special bee-zilla as it will change my life and i'm determined to do so.", "business_id": "F48wjJ_jjEz59Prh20XhRA", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-06-20", "type": "review"}