{"votes": {"funny": 6, "useful": 17, "cool": 11}, "user_id": "r9Wii37p0kEDIUt2e2_LqQ", "review_id": "f64AHf7xta0L__2zFjgvzg", "text": "for this past father's day, we decided to go to fleming's steakhouse near the stanford shopping center. i had been to fleming's on an occasion before and had relatively luke-warm feelings. although the ambiance was fine and the food good, the service could be a bit uneven and the value wasn't really there. even a promotional menu of filet mignon and frozen lobster tail hadn't impressed. flash forward to this sunday and we finally found what we believe to be fleming's sweet spot. available only on sundays, the prime rib dinner special was a perfect choice for my family and a great deal to boot. i don't recall this being available my first visit and am not sure how long they've had this, but it appears they now serve prime rib only on sunday. the special consists of a choice of salad, 12 ounce prime rib, 1 side dish, and a dessert for $35. given that a salad is ~$9, a side is ~$10, and a dessert is ~9, you are essentially paying $7 for the prime rib. a spectacular deal! the flexibility is great as well. for the salad, you can choose among the caesar salad ($8.50), wedge ($9.50), or the fleming's salad ($9.50). similar choice exists for the sides, all of which range from $8.50 - $11, and include such choices as sauteed mushrooms, fleming's potatoes, baked potatoe, chipotle mac and cheese, creamed corn, creamed spinach, etc. all sides and salad for this meal were the original size, not babied down versions like at the sundance early-bird special. the prime rib was very good and included three sauces (horseradish, au jus, and another sour brown sauce that i didn't recognize). medium rare to perfection, the 12 ounce portion was definitely generous like the humongous sides. do this meal special with more than 2 people and you're rocking enough sides to feed everyone and then some. the dessert selection consists of the entire dessert menu as well and we opted for several decadent and sweet desserts. again, with all the included items, this is a spectacular value and the prime rib holds it's own against the many competitors in the area. my prime rib go-to list is now: 1) alexander's steakhouse (the best prime rib, but pricey) 2) fleming's prime steakhouse (fantastic value, very good prime rib) 3) house of prime rib (an institution but no last minute reservations) 3) san mateo prime (underrated and consistent) 4) sundance steakhouse (the early bird is a steal, but inconsistent) 5) broadway prime (seen better days, resting on laurels now) again, i highly recommend the prime rib special at fleming's and urge you to try while it's available. it's nice to see fleming's price things very competitively, both in this economy and to deal with the many steakhouse restaurants out there. as an added bonus for father's day, we got a $25 gift card for our dad compliments of the restaurant. nice touch! fleming's steakhouse happily accepts american express.", "business_id": "d_IBp5wNVn5wDlNkblAL8w", "stars": 3, "date": "2009-06-22", "type": "review"}