{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 3, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "A-Bnc4o-OzOWRkcdleH-JA", "review_id": "SIHp9fOBztMAsc75QmINbw", "text": "oh my flippin hell!!! this place is off the chains!!! walking into flemings (for me) is like walking into a four seasons hotel....all the hosts/hostess' greeted our troop immediatly and quickly sat us down. the servers (tonight ours was ruby and she was definitly patient, funny and attentive) tag teamed to ensure our table was comfortable and quite frequently checked to see if we needed anything else (whether it was more information on the wines, description of the foods, or just water)....to prove my point of how attentive, and efficient they are: one of our guests stepped away to the restroom, upon her return she found her water refilled and her napkin nicely folded on the table. i was amazed because she was sitting right next to me; i cant believe i didnt notice when the waiter did that (also proves how non-disruptive they are to guests as they chat and dine)... i'm still trippin...that was smooth. anyways, after my friend had returned to the table, she mentioned how beautiful and clean the restroom was except for the first stall where (no offense to the guys) she said, \"the first stall looks like a guy with bad aim visited the ladies room\". one of the managers who was passing by heard this comment and immediatly sought out someone to fix the problem...boy they work quick around here! the ambiance of the restaurant is so romantic, sexy, warm, inviting...loved how the lights were slightly dimmed- played off the warm reds and ambers of the wall really well.... loved how the kitchen is open for all to see and especially loved that the chefs (well 2 of the sous chefs) came by to see how our food was...they even indulged us with brief conversation on various subjects (mostly re: flemings menu). the menu...we had a delicious wine i forget the name but i do remember it was a 285 bottle...one of the mgrs, sean, picked it out for us...yummm....he even gave me a proper lesson as to how to properly pour wine for guests (learn something new everyday...bet some of some ya'll, like me, didnt know there was a proper way).... the sweet chili calamari..no joke..the best calamari i've had in my life!!! and i love calamari and have it everywhere!! its a must have..., the spinach portabello salad was to die for, the vinagrette was amazing and the goat cheese was a great accent (a great tid bit learned from the staff?? the cheese sits in a brine for 3 days to create the wonderful taste/texture before it is fried) really this salad is a must try....i was in heaven...we had the flemings potatoes which was good, not my cup of tea but when i brought home the leftovers to my bro, he was floored and gobbled it up...i guess its a matter of personal preference... we also had the best sugar snap peas ever!!!!! soy chili glaze on perfectly cooked(crisp) snap peas....delicious!!! do try! next we enjoyed the in-bone new york steak...melted in my mouth! and such a generous portion, i could only eat about 1/4 of my steak, on recommendation we ordered the trio of sauces (bearnaise, medeira, and peppercorn)-i found the steak to be best w/out any of the sauces but if i had to recommend a sauce it would be peppercorn because it plays well with natural spices they cook on the meat.....and then to top it all off, we ordered the dessert sampler, where a little bit of everything they offer on the dessert menu are beautfully placed.... again..heaven...yum!!! overall my whole experience was awesome! the food was fabulous and i would definitly go back, perhaps take my mother out for a nice dinner... loved the service, excellent food, and friendly/knowledgeably/courteous staff... 5 stars baby!!!", "business_id": "d_IBp5wNVn5wDlNkblAL8w", "stars": 5, "date": "2007-12-20", "type": "review"}