{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "6ma0naV9VyXvUwFgyLmi_w", "review_id": "Zn123VDqeJ9wnptLwmlibw", "text": "one word: charming. let's talk - *atmosphere* the whole place is darling, yet edgy. it feels like you're in a hip granny house. there's a bunch of cool frames on the wall with art or textured material or even just light bulbs. the light fixture over the bar is a bunch of little lights covered by clear vintage drinking glasses of different sizes. and the wall next to the bar is white filled with names like they've been typed up. the dining room has a homey feel, like it's an impromptu restaurant in someone's home. it's classic, but hip. let's talk - *service* our hostess tried to be accommodating. we didn't make reservations (do it; the place is small!) so we were a little out of luck, but she said there was a party of 4 at the bar waiting for a table that was about to be ready, so we decided to hover. i turned my back for 1 min as i was reading the menu and we were usurped! turns out, it was by one of the chefs! well, not only are they getting special treatment because they were getting a table, but they stole our place at the bar! i know the hostess was trying to be sweet, but when they party inquired if they took our spot, she hesitated. boooooo. eventually (finally!) they got up and we got our place at the bar. we proceeded to chat up the bartender, who was very nice and played along with us (we tend to talk to strangers, which can be disarming) and enjoyed him as a satellite fifth to our dinner out. he told us the wall with all the names were put there by people who made donations to open the restaurant. did i mention this place was charming? let's talk - *food* good lord, delish! it's southern cooking, but sophisticated. i had the gnocchi, which is french style (meaning no potato) with kale and parmesan and it was satisfying. my friend's dishes were equally amazing (shrimp and grits, heck yes!) and we opted to split a panna cotta for dessert. i love panna cotta and they made it right! also, the wine list was excellent and my friend had a no. 18 (champagne, tequila and grenadine - things you don't think you should mix in a drink, but came together quite nicely!). let's talk - *next time* they have a late night menu complete with fried oysters and i want to go back and try one of their cocktails and some \"all you can drink\" sweet tea and enjoy some late night bites. and if i go back for dinner, dare i stress, reservations.", "business_id": "DfrvJL-6H5i1nsyL6H6VGg", "stars": 4, "date": "2008-10-24", "type": "review"}