{"votes": {"funny": 3, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "KKIh1rzDPQKPTIVCFa9lZA", "review_id": "5pWRpYiakHc4ZqGKdTUSlw", "text": "okay seattle yelpers, i'm about to educate you on \"chicago style pizza\". no thanks necessary. there are two types of pizza sometimes referred to as \"chicago style pizza.\" the first is deep dish, or pan pizza, which resembles more closely a traditional pizza, but is cooked in a deep dish pan, so that it is thicker than your average domino's hand tossed (about an inch to maybe an inch and a half). then there is stuffed deep dish, which is also cooked in the same deep dish pan, but is over 2 inches thick and is built as follows: crust, \"toppings,\" [sometimes more crust], cheese, sauce. for my money, when people are talking about chicago style pizza, they are really talking about \"stuffed\" pizza. that's the type that you can only really get in chicago, or in a dubbed \"chicago style\" pizza house. in fact, the best pan deep dish pizza is not actually in chicago, but at buddy's pizza in the detroit area, though pequods in lincoln park is a close second, but i digress. where to get stuffed pizza in chicago: -if you're a local who has tried them all: giordano's or lou malnati's -if you're a tourist who doesn't know any better: gino's east. i'm just saying... as a recent transplant from chicago, i was missing my hearty stuffed pizza, and came across delfinos on my desperate search for scraps of the home i just left. when i finally tried it for the first time, i was prepared to be a snob about it and complain about how it's not the \"real deal\", but instead i was suitably impressed. it's built and cooked the way that stuffed pizza is meant to be. take note people, yes this means a 30+ minute cooking time, and a high price tag, but that's the breaks. if you don't want that, you don't want stuffed pizza. trust me though, it's worth it. i tried the pepperoni and the \"famous\" spinach. i'm usually a pepperoni person when it comes to pizza, but for stuffed pizza, really sausage is the best meat (and the most chicago authentic) but the pepperoni was still tasty. however, my fave was definitely the spinach. yummy, fresh tasting, and still verrry satisfying even without the meat. so very chicago, i expected to look out the window and see big willie to the left, the bean to the right, and vince vaughn at the next table. but alas, i was in a shopping plaza in seattle. not worse...just different. when i'm craving a taste of some delectable stuffed pizza, you'll find me at delfinos. four stars, not five, because only one location and no delivery. though the half baked is definitely a plus...if i can keep them in my freezer for very long.", "business_id": "HW501zexRpDLIYJ2dHWZ0g", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-04-29", "type": "review"}